Partly cloudy skies. High 58F. Winds NNW at 10 to 15 mph..A clear sky. Low 34F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 30, 2017 @ 9:53 amThe Wells Fargo stagecoach is a symbol of the company. Photo courtesy of Wells Fargo AdvisorsThe Wells Fargo stagecoach is a symbol of the company. Photo courtesy of Wells Fargo AdvisorsWells Fargo Advisors was censured by the Securities and Exchange Commission and agreed to pay $3.5 million to settle allegations the brokerage failed to file suspicious activity reports for transactions suspected to be linked to money laundering.The Bank Secrecy Act requires brokers to report transactions of $5,000 or more that brokers suspect could be derived from illegal activity or were conducted to disguise funds derived from illegal activities.From March 2012 to June 2013, Wells Fargo Advisors “failed to file or timely file at least 50 (suspicious activity reports), a majority of which related to continuing suspicious activity occurring in accounts held at Wells Fargo Advisors’ U.S. branch offices that focused on international customers,” the SEC stated in a court filing Monday detailing the settlement.St. Louis-based Wells Fargo Advisors, the brokerage unit of San Francisco-based Wells Fargo & Co., has more than 15,000 advisers companywide.According to the filing, Wells Fargo Advisors agreed to the settlement without admitting or denying the findings. After receiving a complaint from an employee in 2013 and conducting its own internal investigation, Wells Fargo hired an outside compliance firm to review its reporting practices, according to the SEC filing.“We take these critical responsibilities seriously,” Wells Fargo Advisors said in a statement. “When confusion over our SAR reporting policies first arose internally, we took immediate steps to conduct an independent review that resulted in process improvements. We cooperated fully with the SEC’s investigation, and we remain committed to further self-reviews and enhancements that help ensure suspicious activity is disclosed in a timely manner.”Watch David Nicklaus and Jim Gallagher as they debate various topics in the business world on “The Bottom Line.”Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. The Wells Fargo stagecoach is a symbol of the company. Photo courtesy of Wells Fargo AdvisorsWells Fargo Advisors' SEC settlement Lisa Brown is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
                                    
                                        Whenever Lisa Brown posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
                                    
                                Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.