LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Northern Trust (Nasdaq: NTRS) Asset Management has appointed Martha 
      Fee as chief operating officer (COO) for Europe, Middle East, Africa 
      and Asia-Pacific (EMEA & APAC).
    
      Based in London, Fee is responsible for managing international 
      operations and infrastructure teams for Northern Trust across EMEA and 
      APAC. Subject to regulatory approval, Fee will also hold directorship of 
      various entities related to the Northern Trust Asset Management 
      business. She will report to Wayne Bowers, CEO and CIO of Northern Trust 
      Asset Management, EMEA and APAC.
    
      “Our international business continues to expand its investment 
      capabilities, client service platform and range of pooled fund vehicles” 
      said Bowers. “Martha brings extensive international experience and deep 
      client knowledge across these areas and we’re pleased to appoint her to 
      continue to drive growth and diversification of our products across the 
      regions.”
    
      Fee joins Northern Trust Asset Management after two years at Northern 
      Trust’s Global Fund Services where, working in relationship management, 
      she was responsible for sophisticated, global asset managers. She has 18 
      years of global industry experience, particularly focused around 
      offshore fund operations and client service. Prior to joining Northern 
      Trust in 2015, Fee spent 10 years at Janus Capital International.
    
About Northern Trust Asset Management

      Northern Trust Asset Management is a leading global 
      asset management firm serving institutional and individual investors in 
      29 countries. Our robust investment capabilities span all markets and 
      asset classes, from passive and risk-factor to fundamental active, 
      multi-asset class and multi-manager strategies, delivered in multiple 
      vehicles. As of September 30, 2017, Northern Trust has $1.13 trillion in 
      total assets under management. For more information, please visit our website 
      or follow us on Twitter @NTInvest.
    
      Northern Trust Asset Management comprises Northern Trust Investments, 
      Inc., Northern Trust Global Investments Limited, Northern Trust Global 
      Investments Japan, K.K., NT Global Advisors, Inc. and investment 
      personnel of The Northern Trust Company of Hong Kong Limited and The 
      Northern Trust Company.
    
About Northern Trust

      Northern Trust Corporation (Nasdaq: NTRS) is a leading provider of 
      wealth management, asset servicing, asset management and banking to 
      corporations, institutions, affluent families and individuals. Founded 
      in Chicago in 1889, Northern Trust has offices in the United States in 
      19 states and Washington, D.C., and 23 international locations in 
      Canada, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region. As of 
      September 30, 2017, Northern Trust had assets under 
      custody/administration of US$9.7 trillion, and assets under management 
      of US$1.1 trillion. For more than 125 years, Northern Trust has earned 
      distinction as an industry leader for exceptional service, financial 
      expertise, integrity and innovation. Visit northerntrust.com 
      or follow us on Twitter @NorthernTrust.
    
      Northern Trust Corporation, Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, 
      Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A., incorporated with limited liability in 
      the U.S. Global legal and regulatory information can be found at https://www.northerntrust.com/disclosures.


Northern TrustEurope, Middle East, Africa & Asia-Pacific 
      Contact:Camilla Greene+44-(0)-207-982-2176Camilla_Greene@ntrs.comorCognito 
      - on behalf of Northern Trust Contact:Tom Engleback+44-(0)-2074269431Tom.Engleback@cognitomedia.com

Northern TrustEurope, Middle East, Africa & Asia-Pacific 
      Contact:Camilla Greene+44-(0)-207-982-2176Camilla_Greene@ntrs.comorCognito 
      - on behalf of Northern Trust Contact:Tom Engleback+44-(0)-2074269431Tom.Engleback@cognitomedia.com
