 Assessing Northern Trust Corporation’s (NASDAQ:NTRS) performance as a company requires looking at more than just a years’ earnings data. Below, I will run you through a simple sense check to build perspective on how Northern Trust is doing by comparing its most recent earnings with its historical trend, in addition to the performance of its capital markets industry peers. See our latest analysis for NTRS  To account for any quarterly or half-yearly updates, I use data from the most recent 12 months, which annualizes the latest 6-month earnings release, or some times, the latest annual report is already the most recent financial data. This technique enables me to analyze different companies on a similar basis, using the most relevant data points. Northern Trust’s most recent earnings is $1,041M, which, against the prior year’s figure, has grown by a fairly unexciting 7.94%. Given that these figures are somewhat short-term, I’ve determined an annualized five-year value for NTRS’s net income, which stands at $786M. This means on average, Northern Trust has been able to steadily improve its profits over the last few years as well.  Though Northern Trust’s past data is helpful, it is only one aspect of my investment thesis. Companies that have performed well in the past, such as Northern Trust gives investors conviction. However, the next step would be to assess whether the future looks as optimistic. I recommend you continue to research Northern Trust to get a better picture of the stock by looking at: 1. Future Outlook: What are well-informed industry analysts predicting for NTRS’s future growth? Take a look at our free research report of analyst consensus for NTRS’s outlook.2. Financial Health: Is NTRS’s operations financially sustainable? Balance sheets can be hard to analyze, which is why we’ve done it for you. Check out our financial health checks here.3. Other High-Performing Stocks: Are there other stocks that provide better prospects with proven track records? Explore our free list of these great stocks here.Not originally from a finance background, Frank had to teach himself how to invest. Reading plenty of books and doing hours of research to make up for his knowledge gaps, he started implementing the philosophies and principles of renowned successful investors such as Peter Lynch and John Templeton.Now holding a number of diversified portfolios over 16 years, Frank likes to teach new investors the principles that guide him in the market, as well as experienced investors on his analysis strategies.
 Reach Frank by sending an email at frank.brewer @simplywallst.com.Try us out now!