DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Northern Trust announced today that its Foundation and Institutional 
      Advisors Group (FIA) has been selected to provide investment and 
      strategic advisory services for Texas Parks and Wildlife Foundation 
      (TPWF). TPWF provides private support to the Texas Parks and Wildlife 
      Department to ensure that all Texans, today and in the future, can enjoy 
      the wild things and wild places of Texas.
    
      “We are committed to stewarding our financial resources as diligently as 
      the natural resources we are dedicated to conserving,” said TPWF 
      Executive Director Anne Brown. “Northern Trust has an excellent 
      reputation, and we anticipate a productive collaboration that will 
      further our mission to care for the wild things and wild places of 
      Texas.”
    
      “We are proud to manage the assets of Texas Parks and Wildlife 
      Foundation on behalf of the state of Texas,” said Darius A. Gill, 
      National Practice Executive, Northern Trust Foundation & Institutional 
      Advisors group. “It is gratifying to work with an organization focused 
      on conserving natural resources and broadening outdoor recreation for 
      current and future generations.”
    
      Northern Trust’s Foundation & Institutional Advisors (FIA) group serves 
      nonprofit organizations through sophisticated investment management 
      solutions, strategic insights and world-class resources. Northern Trust 
      provides investment advice, asset servicing and related services to help 
      nonprofit organizations achieve financial and philanthropic goals 
      cost-effectively, collaborating with board and investment committee 
      members to assist with investment oversight. More information about 
      Northern Trust Foundation and Institutional Advisors can be found at www.northerntrust.com/FIA.
    
Northern Trust Wealth Management specializes in Goals Driven 
      Wealth Management backed by innovative technology and a strong fiduciary 
      heritage. Northern Trust Wealth Management is ranked among the top 10 
      U.S. wealth managers, with $284 billion in assets under management as of 
      September 30, 2017, and a wide network of wealth management offices 
      across the United States.
    
      The Northern Trust Company is an Equal Housing Lender. Member FDIC.
    
About Northern Trust

      Northern Trust Corporation (Nasdaq: NTRS) is a leading provider of 
      wealth management, asset servicing, asset management and banking to 
      corporations, institutions, affluent families and individuals. Founded 
      in Chicago in 1889, Northern Trust has offices in the United States in 
      19 states and Washington, D.C., and 23 international locations in 
      Canada, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region. As of 
      September 30, 2017, Northern Trust had assets under 
      custody/administration of US$9.7 trillion, and assets under management 
      of US$1.1 trillion. For more than 125 years, Northern Trust has earned 
      distinction as an industry leader for exceptional service, financial 
      expertise, integrity and innovation. Visit northerntrust.com 
      or follow us on Twitter @NorthernTrust.
    
      Northern Trust Corporation, Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, 
      Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A., incorporated with limited liability in 
      the U.S. Global legal and regulatory information can be found at https://www.northerntrust.com/disclosures.
    
Texas Parks and Wildlife Foundation raises private funds to 
      advance Texas’ proud outdoor traditions and conserve our state’s 
      wildlife, habitat, recreational areas, and natural resources. Since 
      1991, Texas Parks and Wildlife Foundation has raised more than $170 
      million in private philanthropy to ensure that all Texans, today and in 
      the future, can enjoy the wild things and wild places of Texas.
    

      Northern Trust CorporationMedia Contact:Doug Holt, 
      (312) 557-1571Doug.Holt@ntrs.comhttp://www.northerntrust.com

      Northern Trust CorporationMedia Contact:Doug Holt, 
      (312) 557-1571Doug.Holt@ntrs.comhttp://www.northerntrust.com
