
Paul Hudson to Lead Sarasota and Manatee Counties
SARASOTA, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Northern Trust has appointed Paul Hudson as the New Market Leader of 
      Sarasota and Manatee Counties. Hudson will be responsible for business 
      development strategy, along with client servicing activity to deliver 
      investment management, trust and banking solutions to high net worth 
      individuals in the region.
    
      Hudson has more than 20 years of wealth management experience including 
      16 years with Northern Trust as a Sarasota-based Wealth Strategist. For 
      the past five years, he was the Managing Director for U.S. Trust in 
      Sarasota, Fla.
    
      “Paul will enable an integrated business approach that will strengthen 
      the holistic advice we provide our clients,” said Charlie Mueller, 
      Northern Trust President of the West Florida Region. “We are delighted 
      Paul is returning to Northern Trust.”
    
      Hudson will report directly to Mueller while working closely with 
      regional executives. He is a graduate of Florida State University, where 
      he received a bachelor’s degree in finance. He is also a graduate of the 
      Cannon Trust School.
    
      Hudson is involved in the Sarasota community and currently serves as a 
      board or committee member with the following civic, academic, 
      philanthropic, and healthcare organizations: The John and Mable Ringling 
      Museum of Art Foundation, Inc., Historic Spanish Point, Arts Center 
      Sarasota, Asolo Repertory Theatre, Venice Public Library, Florida State 
      University Foundation, Education Foundation of Sarasota, Southwest 
      Florida Estate Council, Rotary Club of Sarasota, Southwest Florida 
      Planned Giving Council, Sarasota Memorial Hospital, American Heart 
      Association, The Pines of Sarasota, Holy Cross Associates, and Tidewell 
      Hospice and Palliative Care.
    
      Paul Hudson will be based in Northern Trust’s Sarasota office located at 
      1515 Ringling Blvd, Sarasota, FL 34236.
    
Northern Trust Wealth Management specializes in Goals Driven 
      Wealth Management backed by innovative technology and a strong fiduciary 
      heritage. Northern Trust Wealth Management is ranked among the top 10 
      U.S. wealth managers, with $284 billion in assets under management as of 
      September 30, 2017, and a wide network of wealth management offices 
      across the United States.
    
      The Northern Trust Company is an Equal Housing Lender. Member FDIC.
    
About Northern Trust

      Northern Trust Corporation (Nasdaq: NTRS) is a leading provider of 
      wealth management, asset servicing, asset management and banking to 
      corporations, institutions, affluent families and individuals. Founded 
      in Chicago in 1889, Northern Trust has offices in the United States in 
      19 states and Washington, D.C., and 23 international locations in 
      Canada, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region. As of 
      September 30, 2017, Northern Trust had assets under 
      custody/administration of US$9.7 trillion, and assets under management 
      of US$1.1 trillion. For more than 125 years, Northern Trust has earned 
      distinction as an industry leader for exceptional service, financial 
      expertise, integrity and innovation. Visit northerntrust.com 
      or follow us on Twitter @NorthernTrust.
    
      Northern Trust Corporation, Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, 
      Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A., incorporated with limited liability in 
      the U.S. Global legal and regulatory information can be found at https://www.northerntrust.com/disclosures.
    

      Northern Trust CorporationGabrielle Miller+1 312 444 3591Gabrielle.Miller@ntrs.comhttp://www.northerntrust.com


      Northern Trust CorporationGabrielle Miller+1 312 444 3591Gabrielle.Miller@ntrs.comhttp://www.northerntrust.com

