LAS VEGAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Northern Trust announced today that its Foundation and Institutional 
      Advisors group (FIA) has been selected by Miracle Flights, the nation’s 
      leading medical flight charity, to provide investment and strategic 
      advisory services for the nonprofit organization. Established in 1985, 
      Las Vegas–based Miracle Flights provides free commercial air 
      transportation to critically ill children and adults in need of medical 
      care far from home.
    
      “We chose Northern Trust because it is a substantial institution with 
      nearly 130 years of experience and, in particular, it has resources 
      dedicated to serving the financial needs of nonprofit organizations,” 
      said Miracle Flights CEO Mark E. Brown. “Having the expertise of 
      Northern Trust to manage our assets helps ensure the longevity of 
      Miracle Flights, so we can continue our mission of helping children and 
      families in need for years to come.”
    
      Now in its 32nd year, Miracle Flights has provided more than 111,000 
      free medical flights to help those with rare and life-threatening 
      conditions gain access to specialized, out-of-state medical care.
    
      “We are proud to serve Miracle Flights on behalf of the children and 
      families they serve,” said Darius A. Gill, National Practice Executive, 
      Northern Trust Foundation & Institutional Advisors group. “We look 
      forward to managing the assets of this vital organization that helps 
      children get the best medical care in the country.”
    
      Northern Trust’s Foundation & Institutional Advisors (FIA) group serves 
      nonprofit organizations through sophisticated investment management 
      solutions, strategic insights and world-class resources. Northern Trust 
      provides investment advice, asset servicing and related services to help 
      nonprofit organizations achieve financial and philanthropic goals 
      cost-effectively, collaborating with board and investment committee 
      members to assist with investment oversight. More information about 
      Northern Trust Foundation and Institutional Advisors can be found at www.northerntrust.com/FIA.
    
About Miracle Flights

      Miracle Flights is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that provides free 
      medical air transportation to children and adults via commercial 
      airlines throughout the United States. With over three decades of 
      service to families in need, Miracle Flights has coordinated more than 
      110,000 flights and counting. For more information about Miracle 
      Flights, to request flight assistance, or to make a donation, call 
      800-359-1711 or visit miracleflights.org. 
      Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @miracleflights.
    
Northern Trust Wealth Management specializes in Goals Driven 
      Wealth Management backed by innovative technology and a strong fiduciary 
      heritage. Northern Trust Wealth Management is ranked among the top 10 
      U.S. wealth managers, with $284 billion in assets under management as of 
      September 30, 2017, and a wide network of wealth management offices 
      across the United States.
    
      The Northern Trust Company is an Equal Housing Lender. Member FDIC.
    
About Northern Trust

      Northern Trust Corporation (Nasdaq: NTRS) is a leading provider of 
      wealth management, asset servicing, asset management and banking to 
      corporations, institutions, affluent families and individuals. Founded 
      in Chicago in 1889, Northern Trust has offices in the United States in 
      19 states and Washington, D.C., and 23 international locations in 
      Canada, Europe, the Middle East and the Asia-Pacific region. As of 
      September 30, 2017, Northern Trust had assets under 
      custody/administration of US$9.7 trillion, and assets under management 
      of US$1.1 trillion. For more than 125 years, Northern Trust has earned 
      distinction as an industry leader for exceptional service, financial 
      expertise, integrity and innovation. Visit northerntrust.com 
      or follow us on Twitter @NorthernTrust.
    
      Northern Trust Corporation, Head Office: 50 South La Salle Street, 
      Chicago, Illinois 60603 U.S.A., incorporated with limited liability in 
      the U.S. Global legal and regulatory information can be found at https://www.northerntrust.com/disclosures.
    
      Northern TrustDoug Holt(312) 557-1571Doug.Holt@ntrs.comhttp://www.northerntrust.com

      Northern TrustDoug Holt(312) 557-1571Doug.Holt@ntrs.comhttp://www.northerntrust.com
