INVEST WISELYWall Street indexes hovered near record levels on Tuesday as shareholders digested comments from Federal Reserve chair nominee Jerome Powell and shrugged off concerns over progress of the U.S. tax bill.Data pointing to better-than-predictable consumer confidence also assisted lift sentiment.“There is much to like about equities from a macro and fundamental basis,” said Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management in Minneapolis.The Conference Board’s consumer confidence index for November jumped to its highest in nearly 17 years. The index rose to 129.5 in November, contrast with a boost to 124 predictable by economists polled by Reuters.The data follows a report on Monday that showed sales of new U.S. single-family homes hit a 10-year high in October and robust Cyber Monday and Black Friday shopping that hinted at a strong holiday shopping season.The S&P financial index rose 0.7 percent, leading the gainers.JPMorgan was up 1.4 percent and Bank of America rose 1.3 percent. (Source: Reuters)At 10:44 a.m. ET (1544 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 83.26 points, or 0.35 percent, at 23,664.04, the S&P 500 was up 8.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 2,609.95 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 9.97 points, or 0.14 percent, at 6,888.49.Major News: Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) stock inclined 6.28% to trade at $155.60 on Tuesday. Meat-centric sandwich chain Arby’s said Tuesday that it’s buying Buffalo Wild Wings for about $2.4 billion, making it the most recent casual restaurant chain to be taken private.Buffalo Wild Wings, which serves chicken wings in a sports bar-like atmosphere, has stated falling sales as it and other casual restaurants lose customers to cheaper and faster chains. In the most recent quarter, it stated a 2.3 percent sales drop at its established restaurants.Arby’s Restaurant Group Inc. said it would pay $157 for each share of Buffalo Wild Wings, a 7 percent premium to its Monday closing price of $146.40. The companies value the transaction at $2.9 billion, when debt is included. (Source: AP)A total volume of 5,597,460 shares was traded. The Company’s shares have inclined 24.98% in the past month, -7.38% in the last twelve months, and 0.78% on an YTD basis.Top Pick for Wednesday: Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI)Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) has grabbed attention from the analysts when it experienced a change of -0.43% in the last trading session to close at $87.07. A total of 3,841,818 shares exchanged hands during the intra-day trade contrast with its average trading volume of 2.41M shares, while its relative volume stands at 1.60. Relative volume is the comparison of current volume to average volume for the same time of day, and it’s displayed as a ratio. If RVOL is less than 1 it is not In Play on this trading day and Investors may decide not to trade it.  If RVOL is above 2 it is In Play and this is more evidence Investors ought to be in the name.  When stocks are *very* In Play one can see a RVOL of 5 and above.  The higher the RVOL the more In Play the stock is.Day traders strive to make money by exploiting minute price movements in individual assets (usually stocks, though currencies, futures, and options are traded as well), usually leveraging large amounts of capital to do so, therefore they trade on Stocks in Play. In Play Stocks are volatile enough to produce good risk and reward trading opportunities for both bull and bear traders intraday. Most company stocks have very little volatility. They generally move extremely slowly and they only produce big price swings when the company produces good or bad trading results, which may only happen a couple of times a year at best.In deciding what to focus on – in a stock, say – a typical day trader looks for three things: liquidity, volatility and trading volume. Liquidity allows an investor to enter and exit a stock at a good price (i.e. tight spreads, or the difference between the bid and ask price of a stock, and low slippage, or the difference between the predictable price of a trade and the actual price). If a stock does not have good liquidity then it may take some time before a broker is able to negotiate a deal to buy or sell a stock and the broker may not be able to get the sell or buy price that the trader is looking for. This is a problem for day traders and it could mean the difference between a profitable and non-profitable trade.Traders have different rules for what constitutes liquidity and a good guide is the volume of trades and volume of shares that are traded each day. 100,000 shares traded per day would be a minimum for most traders and some require 1,000,000.Trading volume is a gauge of how many times a stock is bought and sold in a given time period (most commonly, within a day of trading, known as the average daily trading volume – ADTV). A high degree of volume indicates a lot of interest in a stock. Often, a boost in the volume of a stock is a harbinger of a price jump, either up or down.Volatility is simply a measure of the predictable daily price range—the range in which a day trader operates. More volatility means greater profit or loss. After a recent check, Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) stock is found to be 2.26% volatile for the week, while 1.80% volatility is recorded for the month.Technical’s Snapshot:The stock has a market cap of $31.92B and the number of outstanding shares has been calculated 366.57M. Based on a recent bid, its distance from 20 days simple moving average is -3.83%, and its distance from 50 days simple moving average is -1.73% while it has a distance of 5.76% from the 200 days simple moving average. The company’s distance from 52-week high price is -7.36% and the current price is 27.27% away from 52-week low price. The company has Relative Strength Index (RSI 14) of 39.88 together with Average True Range (ATR 14) of 1.72.Stock’s Valuation:Past 5 years growth of ADI observed at -0.60%, and for the next five years the analysts that follow this company is expecting its growth at 18.21%. The stock’s price to sales ratio for trailing twelve months is 6.25 and price to book ratio for the most recent quarter is 3.15, whereas price to cash per share for the most recent quarter are 30.46. Its quick ratio for the most recent quarter is 1.10. Analysts mean recommendation for the stock is 2.20. This number is based on a 1 to 5 scale where 1 indicates a Strong Buy recommendation while 5 represents a Strong Sell.Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Alphabetastock.com are only for information purposes. Alpha Beta Stock (ABS) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Alpha Beta Stock; however, human error can exist.Jason P. Vasser gives us an insight into the most recent news hitting the Technology Sector in Wall Street. He has been an independent financial adviser for over 10 years in the city and in recent years turned his experience in finance and passion for journalism into a full time role. He performs analysis of Companies and publicizes valuable information for shareholder community.Jason is an accomplished journalist who has a passion for travel. His desire to see the world has taken him to countries around the world and given him the opportunity to report for some of the top news organizations.Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Our mission is to provide unmatched news and insight on newsworthy and momentum stocks to potential traders looking to execute the best possible public and private capital allocation decisions.120 Adelaide St W Toronto, ON M5H 1T1 Canada.4165043012contactus@alphabetastock.comWe get your news straight to the search engines that everyone uses, like Google, Yahoo and Bing. Our search engine friendly releases mean that people will find your business more easily.Email us at: Ads@alphabetastock.com