Analog Devices’ Industrial Inertial Measurement Units Improve Navigation and Reliability in Autonomous Machines (Photo: Business Wire).Analog Devices’ Industrial Inertial Measurement Units Improve Navigation and Reliability in Autonomous Machines (Photo: Business Wire).NORWOOD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Analog 
      Devices, Inc. (ADI) today announced a series of five 
      high-performance inertial measurement units (IMUs) that address the 
      navigation- and safety-related needs of industrial applications in 
      several emerging markets, while also reducing their system complexity 
      and cost. The ADIS16470, ADIS16475 and ADIS16477 IMUs deliver 
      exceptional performance improvements in smallest size with standard 
      surface mount assembly. The three different models are optimized to 
      provide a range of performance, cost, and application-suitability needs. 
      The ADIS16465 and ADIS16467 IMUs offer similar performance advantages in 
      a more ruggedized enclosure option. Together, these product advancements 
      bring a previously unavailable performance-for-cost ratio to unmanned 
      aerial vehicle (UAV) applications where designers have previously 
      struggled with costly, risky, and sub-par performance solutions from 
      integrating consumer grade sensors, which also fell short of reliability 
      goals. These new IMUs bring the same benefits to Autonomous Machine 
      applications in fields such as Smart Agriculture where the demands of 
      such rugged equipment previously forced a choice between 
      cost-challenged, highest-grade sensors or performance-limited commercial 
      sensors.
    
      All of the IMUs provide six degree-of-freedom (DoF) sensing via 
      triple-axis MEMS-based accelerometers and gyroscopes, and are focused on 
      the demands of the Industrial "Internet of Moving Things" and its need 
      for precise geolocation. Their performance allows systems to 
      characterize motion accurately despite turbulence, vibration, wind, 
      temperature, and other environmental disturbances, resulting in 
      more-accurate navigation and guidance, and/or instrument stabilization.
    
      Leveraging three decades of experience in inertial sensor design, Analog 
      Devices has engineered an unparalleled combination of reliable high 
      performance, and size/cost effectiveness. With industry leading 
      performance, system designers are now able to rely more heavily on these 
      high-grade sensors versus a previous need to attempt performance 
      boosting via added test, components, calibration, or software aids. The 
      ADIS1646x and ADIS1647x IMUs are specifically designed to reject what 
      are otherwise significant error sources, such as ‘g’-influence, 
      cross-axis sensitivity, and temperature and mechanical stress related 
      drifts.
    
Key Product Specifications

GyroRange o/sec

GyroNoise°/sec/√Hzrms

Gyroin-runStabilityo/hr

AccelRangeg

             
          
AccelNoiseμg/√Hzrms

Accelin-runStabilityμg

OperTempRangeoC

            125/500/2000
          
            -40 to105
          
            -40 to105
          
Pricing and Availability

ProductionAvailability

Price Each per 1,000

             
          
      The new IMUs are supported by the EVAL-ADIS2Z, 
      a PC-based tool for evaluation which enables basic demonstration, 
      individual register access, and high-speed data capture, as well as the 
      breakout boards that simplify connecting ADIS16xxx IMU products to 
      development platforms.
    
About Analog Devices

      Analog Devices is the leading global high-performance analog technology 
      company dedicated to solving the toughest engineering challenges. We 
      enable our customers to interpret the world around us by intelligently 
      bridging the physical and digital with unmatched technologies that 
      sense, measure, power, connect and interpret. Visit www.analog.com

EngineerZone is a registered trademark of Analog Devices, Inc.

Follow ADI on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/ADI_News

Subscribe to Analog Dialogue, ADI’s monthly technical journal, at: http://www.analog.com/analog-dialogue/


Visit ADI’s multimedia gallery to review more product images: http://www.analog.com/en/about-adi/news-room/multimedia-gallery.html

Analog Devices, Inc.Linda Kincaidlinda.kincaid@analog.com
Analog Devices’ Industrial Inertial Measurement Units Improve Navigation and Reliability in Autonomous Machines
Analog Devices, Inc.Linda Kincaidlinda.kincaid@analog.com
