




 



 News provided byOct 31, 2017, 07:20 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, October 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --If you want a Stock Review on AAOI, ADI, AXTI, or SMTC then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report. On October 30th, 2017, the Semiconductor Industry Association announced that worldwide sales of semiconductors reached $107.9 billion for Q3 2017, marking the industry's highest-ever quarterly sales. Today, DailyStockTracker.com has selected four Semiconductor Integrated Circuits companies for review: Applied Optoelectronics Inc. (NASDAQ:   AAOI), Analog Devices Inc. (NASDAQ:   ADI), AXT Inc. (NASDAQ:   AXTI), and Semtech Corp. (NASDAQ:    SMTC). Learn more about these stocks by downloading their comprehensive and free reports from DailyStockTracker.com member's area at:http://dailystocktracker.com/register/Applied Optoelectronics On Monday, shares in Sugar Land, Texas headquartered Applied Optoelectronics Inc.  jumped 7.26%, ending the day at $42.12. The stock recorded a trading volume of 1.85 million shares. The Company's shares have surged 79.69% since the start of this year. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 25.86%. Moreover, shares of Applied Optoelectronics, which designs, manufactures, and sells fiber-optic networking products primarily for Internet data center, CATV, and fiber-to-the-home networking end-markets, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 33.94.On October 13th, 2017, research firm Needham reiterated its 'Strong Buy' rating on the Company's stock with a decrease of the target price from $115 a share to $75 a share.On October 13th, 2017, Applied Optoelectronics announced that it will release financial results for its Q3 ended September 30th, 2017 on November 07th, 2017. The Company will host a conference call and webcast at 4:30 p.m. ET that same day to discuss the results. A live webcast of the conference call and supplemental financials will be accessible via the Company's investor website. AAOI complete research report is just a click away at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=AAOI Analog Devices Shares in Norwood, Massachusetts headquartered Analog Devices Inc. ended the day 0.12% higher at $91.32 with a total trading volume of 1.25 million shares. In the last month and the previous three months, the stock has gained 5.98% and 15.67%, respectively. Additionally, the Company's shares have advanced 25.75% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 7.64% and 13.08%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Analog Devices, which designs, manufactures, and markets a portfolio of solutions that leverage analog, mixed-signal, and digital signal processing technology, including integrated circuits, algorithms, software, and subsystems, have an RSI of 74.44.  On October 30th, 2017, Analog Devices announced a strategic relationship with China Mobile IoT, a wholly owned subsidiary of China Mobile Communications Corporation, one of the world's largest telecommunications companies. At a ceremony in Chongqing, China, the companies signed a Memorandum of Understanding, communicating their shared commitment to advancing Internet-connected applications around the world. The complimentary report on ADI can be downloaded at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=ADI AXT Inc. At the close of trading on Monday, shares in Fremont, California headquartered AXT Inc. finished 3.95% lower at $9.13 with a total trading volume of 349,346 shares. The stock has surged 90.10% on an YTD basis. The Company's shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 6.44% and 27.47%, respectively. Additionally, shares of AXT Inc., which designs, develops, manufactures, and distributes compound and single element semiconductor substrates, have an RSI of 53.36.  On October 25th, 2017, AXT Inc. reported financial results for Q3 ended September 30th, 2017. For Q3 2017, revenue was $28.2 million; gross margin was 39.5%; and operating expenses were $5.9 million. Operating income was $5.2 million for the quarter, income tax expense was $0.2 million, and net income was $4.4 million.On October 26th, 2017, research firm Needham reiterated its 'Buy' rating on the Company's stock with an increase of the target price from $10 a share to $11 a share. Sign up for your complimentary research report on AXTI at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=AXTI Semtech Camarillo, California headquartered Semtech Corp.'s shares recorded a trading volume of 331,652 shares at the end of yesterday's session. The stock closed the day 1.36% lower at $39.80. The Company's shares have advanced 5.99% in the past month and 26.15% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 6.31% and 11.16%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Semtech, which designs, develops, manufactures, and markets analog and mixed-signal semiconductor products, have an RSI of 60.27.On October 26th, 2017, Semtech announced a picocell gateway dongle, incorporating its LoRa® devices and wireless RF technology (LoRa Technology) that includes Linux utilities and Microsoft® Windows support and the availability of a free, non-commercial, LoRaWAN™ network server demonstration platform. The new tools will assist low-power, wide-area network applications developers, who want to rapidly prototype and demonstrate their Internet of Things product ideas based on LoRa Technology. Get free access to your research report on SMTC at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=SMTC--Daily Stock Tracker: Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES:The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.  NO WARRANTY DST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visithttp://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com  Phone number: (207)331-3313 Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South Africa CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.SOURCE dailystocktracker.comOct 31, 2017, 07:25 ETPreview: Daily Technical Summary Reports on Grocery Stores Stocks -- Casey's General Stores, Sprouts Farmers Market, Companhia Brasileira de Distribuicao, and Smart & Final StoresOct 31, 2017, 07:15 ETPreview: Technical Snapshots for These Catalog & Mail Order Houses Stocks -- Mercadolibre, QVC Group, Vipshop, and Wayfair More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byOct 31, 2017, 07:20 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat