Analog Devices’ Integrated Precision Solution Enables Safer and Up to 50% More Efficient Battery Manufacturing (Photo: Business Wire)Analog Devices’ Integrated Precision Solution Enables Safer and Up to 50% More Efficient Battery Manufacturing (Photo: Business Wire)NORWOOD, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Analog 
      Devices, Inc. today introduced a precision integrated analog front 
      end, controller, and pulse-width modulator (PWM) for battery testing and 
      formation capable of increasing system accuracy and efficiency in 
      lithium-ion battery formation and grading. Compared to conventional 
      technology, the new AD8452 provides 50% more channels in the same amount 
      of space, adding capacity and increasing battery production throughput. 
      The AD8452 uses switching technology that recycles the energy from the 
      battery while discharging and delivers 10 times more accuracy than 
      conventional switching solutions. The higher accuracy allows for more 
      uniform cells within battery packs and contributes to longer living 
      batteries in applications such as electric vehicles. It also enhances 
      the safety of manufacturing processes by providing better detection and 
      monitoring to help prevent over and undercharging which can lead to 
      battery failures. The AD8452 delivers bill of material (BoM) cost 
      savings of up to 50% for charging/discharging boards and potential 
      system cost savings of approximately 20%. System simulating 
      demonstration boards will be available and can enable lower R&D 
      engineering cost and shorter time to market for test equipment 
      manufacturers.
    
AD8452 Product Features

Pricing and Availability

Price EachPer 1,000

About Analog DevicesAnalog Devices is the leading global 
      high-performance analog technology company dedicated to solving the 
      toughest engineering challenges. We enable our customers to interpret 
      the world around us by intelligently bridging the physical and digital 
      with unmatched technologies that sense, measure, power, connect and 
      interpret. Visit http://www.analog.com.
    
Visit ADI’s multimedia gallery to review more product images: http://www.analog.com/en/about-adi/news-room/multimedia-gallery.html

Follow ADI on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/ADI_News

Read and subscribe to Analog Dialogue, ADI’s monthly technical 
      journal, at: http://www.analog.com/analog-dialogue.html


      Analog Devices, Inc.Linda Kincaidlinda.kincaid@analog.com
Analog Devices’ Integrated Precision Solution Enables Safer and Up to 50% More Efficient Battery Manufacturing
      Analog Devices, Inc.Linda Kincaidlinda.kincaid@analog.com
