 Illumina Inc (NASDAQ:ILMN) delivered an ROE of 27.31% over the past 12 months, which is an impressive feat relative to its industry average of 14.04% during the same period. Though, the impressiveness of ILMN’s ROE is contingent on whether this industry-beating level can be sustained. A measure of sustainable returns is ILMN’s financial leverage. If ILMN borrows debt to invest in its business, its profits will be higher. But ROE does not capture any debt, so we only see high profits and low equity, which is great on the surface. But today let’s take a deeper dive below this surface. Check out our latest analysis for Illumina  Return on Equity (ROE) weighs ILMN’s profit against the level of its shareholders’ equity. For example, if ILMN invests $1 in the form of equity, it will generate $0.27 in earnings from this. Investors seeking to maximise their return in the Life Sciences Tools and Services industry may want to choose the highest returning stock. But this can be misleading as each company has different costs of equity and also varying debt levels, which could artificially push up ROE whilst accumulating high interest expense.Return on Equity = Net Profit ÷ Shareholders Equity Returns are usually compared to costs to measure the efficiency of capital. ILMN’s cost of equity is 9.03%. This means ILMN returns enough to cover its own cost of equity, with a buffer of 18.27%. This sustainable practice implies that the company pays less for its capital than what it generates in return. ROE can be split up into three useful ratios: net profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage. This is called the Dupont Formula:ROE = profit margin × asset turnover × financial leverageROE = (annual net profit ÷ sales) × (sales ÷ assets) × (assets ÷ shareholders’ equity)ROE = annual net profit ÷ shareholders’ equity Basically, profit margin measures how much of revenue trickles down into earnings which illustrates how efficient ILMN is with its cost management. Asset turnover shows how much revenue ILMN can generate with its current asset base. And finally, financial leverage is simply how much of assets are funded by equity, which exhibits how sustainable ILMN’s capital structure is. We can assess whether ILMN is fuelling ROE by excessively raising debt. Ideally, ILMN should have a balanced capital structure, which we can check by looking at the historic debt-to-equity ratio of the company. The ratio currently stands at a sensible 39.68%, meaning ILMN has not taken on excessive debt to drive its returns. The company is able to produce profit growth without a huge debt burden.  While ROE is a relatively simple calculation, it can be broken down into different ratios, each telling a different story about the strengths and weaknesses of a company. ILMN exhibits a strong ROE against its peers, as well as sufficient returns to cover its cost of equity. ROE is not likely to be inflated by excessive debt funding, giving shareholders more conviction in the sustainability of high returns. However, there are other crucial measures we need to account for before determining whether or not its returns are sustainable. I recommend you see our latest FREE analysis report to find out more about other measures!  If you are not interested in ILMN anymore, you can use our free platform to see my list of stocks with Return on Equity over 20%. Expertise: Financial valuation, fixed income, economic policyInvestment style: Growth, buy and hold, medium-term horizon, valueSeth taught himself to invest in investment markets after his senior year in college and continues to keep a keen eye on the stock market. Seth graduated from university in Australia with a graduate degree in Banking and is studying to obtain a degree in Accounting and Finance. Reach Seth at seth.doty@simplywallst.com.Try us out now!