Gary Guthart (Photo: Business Wire)Gary Guthart (Photo: Business Wire)SAN DIEGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ: ILMN) announced today that Gary S. Guthart will 
      join the company’s Board of Directors on December 1, 2017. Dr. Guthart 
      is President and Chief Executive Officer of Intuitive Surgical, a global 
      leader in the field of robotic-assisted minimally invasive surgery.
    
      Dr. Guthart joined Intuitive Surgical in April 1996 and has served as 
      the Chief Executive Officer since January 2010. In July 2007, he was 
      promoted to President, having assumed the role of Chief Operating 
      Officer in February 2006. Prior to joining Intuitive Surgical, he was 
      part of the core team developing the foundational technology for 
      computer-enhanced surgery at SRI International (formerly Stanford 
      Research Institute). Dr. Guthart served as a member of the Board of 
      Directors of Affymetrix, Inc. from May 2009 until its acquisition by 
      Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. in March 2016.
    
      “Gary is a talented leader who adds a tremendous breadth of industry 
      knowledge and experience to our exceptional board of directors,” said 
      Francis deSouza, Illumina President and Chief Executive Officer. “He 
      will bring leadership, strategy and policy expertise in the healthcare 
      sector as Illumina continues to drive adoption of genomics in clinical 
      markets.”
    
      Dr. Guthart received a B.S. in Engineering from the University of 
      California, Berkeley and an M.S. and a Ph.D. in Engineering Science from 
      the California Institute of Technology.
    
About Illumina

      Illumina is improving human health by unlocking the power of the genome. 
      Our focus on innovation has established us as the global leader in DNA 
      sequencing and array-based technologies, serving customers in the 
      research, clinical and applied markets. Our products are used for 
      applications in the life sciences, oncology, reproductive health, 
      agriculture, and other emerging segments. To learn more, visit www.illumina.com and 
      follow @illumina.
    

Illumina, Inc.Investors:Jacquie Ross, CFA858-255-5243IR@illumina.comorMedia:Eric 
      Endicott858-882-6822pr@illumina.com


Illumina, Inc.Investors:Jacquie Ross, CFA858-255-5243IR@illumina.comorMedia:Eric 
      Endicott858-882-6822pr@illumina.com

