Find the best broker for your trading or investing needsThanks to a stronger-than-expected showing in the fiscal fourth quarter, Apple Inc. (AAPL) is poised to hit $900 billion in value Friday, putting it closer to becoming a trillion-dollar market capitalization stock.In overseas action, the stock was moving higher and in premarket trading in the U.S. it was up 3.9% or $6.59 to $174.70. It closed Thursday’s trading session at $168.11, up $1.22 or 0.73%. If the stock opens at $174, which would be a new all-time high, it would give it a market cap of roughly $899 billion, reported TheStreet.com, noting that it would put the company at the top in terms of the most valued public company around the globe. (See also: iPhone X Pushes Piper Jaffray's Apple PT to $200.)For its fiscal fourth quarter, Apple reported adjusted EPS of $2.07 a share, which was much higher than the $1.87 a share Wall Street was looking for. Revenue of $52.6 billion also blew past the Wall Street estimate of $50.7 billion. During the three months ended in September, the company was able to sell 46.7 million iPhones, up from the 46 million Wall Street was predicting. The iPhone 8 and the iPhone 8 Plus, which many analysts had said were facing lackluster demand, became the company’s top two best-selling products at launch. Looking out to its fiscal first quarter, Apple expects revenue of between $84 billion and $87 billion. Analysts are looking for revenue of $85.16 billion. (See also: If Apple Were a Country.)Also lifting shares of the iPhone maker Friday is the launch of the iPhone X, which hit store shelves today after preorders began last week. The completely redesigned smartphone has a starting price of $999. Investors and Wall Street are expecting a big hit for Apple, which means higher gross margins and thus profits. During a conference call to discuss quarterly earnings, Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company is seeing strong demand for the iPhone X so far."The iPhone X orders are very strong for both direct customers and for .... carriers throughout the world," said Cook. "The first sales started in Australia, and I'm told we had several hundred people waiting at the store in Sydney, and I'm getting similar reports from across that region." When preorders kicked off last week the iPhone X sold out in around 30 minutes in Hong Kong and customers in the U.S., U.K. and other parts of Europe are facing monthl.  Long lines were spotted in the U.S. and UK among other parts of the world as people queue up to get their hands on the latest iPhone on Friday. Want to learn how to invest?Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.