Find the best broker for your trading or investing needsIt’s been a rough year for Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) investors, with shares down 13.5% year-to-date (YTD) versus the S&P 500’s 16.1% gain over the same period. Despite a period of setbacks, one team of analysts on the Street expects America’s largest carrier to outperform the market as it returns to annual service growth by the third quarter of 2018.On Sunday, analysts at Wells Fargo lifted their rating on VZ to outperform from market perform, applauding the New York City-based company’s significant investment in fiber as it prepares for the 5G era. Wells Fargo’s Jennifer Fritzsche increased her price target to $50 from $48, suggesting that “much of the bad news is behind the stock in terms of wireless service revenue declines.” (See also: Sprint Now Offering Free Hulu Service.)Last month, Verizon posted fiscal Q3 results in which profit came in flat at $0.89 per share and revenue grew 2.5% year-over-year (YOY) at $31.7 billion. Wireless, the company’s largest business segment, slumped 2.4% while its wireless service business fell 5.1%.Moving forward, Wells expects a “more rational” pricing environment in wireless as benefiting Verizon the most out of its competitors. She noted that wireless accounts for 68% of the telecommunications conglomerate’s total revenue. Further, Fritzsche sees opportunity in Verizon’s continued investments in fiber technology, which should “generate material cost savings” and reduce the cost of constant customer acquisition as the company is forced to replace old customers lost to churn.“We think Verizon is an attractive yield play, with its 5.3% dividend yield nearly 100 basis points above its long-term average,” wrote the Wells analyst. “We expect Verizon to grow free cash flow nearly 6% in 2018 as working capital headwinds from device purchases moderate, service revenue stabilizes and pension funding requirements drop.” (See also: Verizon Needs Growth To Drive Stock Price Higher.)Want to learn how to invest?Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.