Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.A cookie is a piece of data stored by your browser or device that helps websites like this one recognize return visitors. We use cookies to give you the best experience on BNA.com. Some cookies are also necessary for the technical operation of our website. If you continue browsing, you agree to this site’s use of cookies.For even more information, see Privacy Policy: Our Policies Regarding the Collection of InformationSign InBloomberg LawAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedBloomberg TaxAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedBloomberg GovernmentAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedBloomberg EnvironmentAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedHR & PayrollAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedMarketing ServicesCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedOur ProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Forgot your username or password?
An integrated legal research and business intelligence solution, combining trusted news and analysis with cutting-edge technology to provide legal professionals with tools to be proactive advisers.Built on the foundation of our renowned Tax Management Portfolios™, Bloomberg BNA Tax & Accounting provides in-depth analysis from leading practitioner-experts, timesaving practice tools, news, commentary, and primary sources.
                                The most comprehensive source of information and analytics for government affairs and contracting professionals. BGOV solutions deliver the complete picture on legislation and government contracting. Combines powerful, easy-to-use compliance tools, auditing software, and analysis with continuously updated federal and state laws, regulations, and documents.Bloomberg BNA provides legal, tax, compliance, government affairs, and government contracting professionals with critical information, practical guidance, and workflow solutions, leveraging leading technology and a global network of experts.Bloomberg BNA Plus marketing services allow clients to elevate their brands and extend their reach through our established and trusted expertise, enhanced with engaging event production, appealing design, and compelling messaging.Stay current on changes and developments in corporate law with a wide variety of resources and tools.

By 
      Yin Wilczek
Straight Path Communications Inc. must be allowed to complete its $3.1 billion sale
   to Verizon Communications Inc. before an investor can sue the company’s board members
   and controlling shareholder over the deal, a Delaware state judge said.
At this point, the investor’s claim that Straight Path’s board and controlling shareholder
   improperly maneuvered the sale is not ready for adjudication, Vice Chancellor Sam
   Glasscock III said Nov. 20 (
   
   
      In re Straight Path Commc’ns Inc. Consol. S’holder Litig.
      
   , 2017 BL 414975, Del. Ch., No. 2017-0486-SG, 11/20/17
   ). At issue is whether the controlling shareholder secured a benefit from the acquisition
   that didn’t flow to other Straight Path shareholders.
The judge also declined to address whether the investor’s lawsuit is direct or derivative.
   In either case, a ruling wouldn’t constitute a good use of the court’s time because
   the opinion would become merely “advisory” should the merger fail, Glasscock said.
   
A direct lawsuit is one in which the shareholder sues over harm he or she suffers,
   while a derivative lawsuit is one in which the shareholder sues a third party, usually
   a corporate insider such as a director, on the company’s behalf. A shareholder has
   to overcome more procedural hurdles to make out a derivative claim.
Straight Path, based in Glen Allen, Va., controls a vast swath of airwaves considered
   vital for the fifth generation of wireless services, or 5G. In May, Verizon agreed
   to buy Straight Path after a protracted bidding war with rival AT&T Inc. The merger
   must be approved by regulators.
Straight Path was spun off from IDT Corp. in 2013. As part of the transaction, IDT
   agreed to indemnify Straight Path for liabilities predating the spinoff. 
In January this year, Straight Path reached a $100 million settlement with the Federal
   Communications Commission to resolve an investigation over whether it failed to deploy
   wireless services as required by its spectrum licenses. The company agreed to surrender
   some of the licenses and to pay $15 million upfront. It also agreed that $85 million
   would be suspended unless it sells the rest of its licenses or surrenders them to
   the FCC within 12 months. As an additional penalty, Straight Path agreed to pay 20
   percent of any sales proceeds to the Treasury. 
JDS1 LLC, in a lawsuit filed in July, said the FCC penalties were for pre-spinoff
   conduct and created an enormous potential liability of more than $500 million for
   IDT and Howard Jonas, who controls both IDT and Straight Path. The shareholder alleged
   that Straight Path directors and Jonas improperly released IDT from the indemnification
   claim, which allowed Straight Path to be acquired at a price unfair to shareholders
   while Jonas reaped “lucrative side benefits.”
To contact the reporter on this story: Yin Wilczek in Washington at 
   ywilczek@bloomberglaw.comTo contact the editor responsible for this story: Susan Jenkins at 
   sjenkins@bloomberg.com
Copyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Request Corporate on Bloomberg Law
Copyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedAll Bloomberg BNA treatises are available on standing order, which ensures you will always receive the most current edition of the book or supplement of the title you have ordered from Bloomberg BNA’s book division. As soon as a new supplement or edition is published (usually annually) for a title you’ve previously purchased and requested to be placed on standing order, we’ll ship it to you to review for 30 days without any obligation. During this period, you can either (a) honor the invoice and receive a 5% discount (in addition to any other discounts you may qualify for) off the then-current price of the update, plus shipping and handling or (b) return the book(s), in which case, your invoice will be cancelled upon receipt of the book(s). Call us for a prepaid UPS label for your return. It’s as simple and easy as that. Most importantly, standing orders mean you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you’re relying on. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.960.1220 or by sending an email to books@bna.com.
 Put me on standing order at a 5% discount off list price of all future updates, in addition to any other discounts I may quality for. (Returnable within 30 days.)
    
 Notify me when updates are available (No standing order will be created).
    This Bloomberg BNA report is available on standing order, which ensures you will all receive the latest edition. This report is updated annually and we will send you the latest edition once it has been published. By signing up for standing order you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you need. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.372.1033, option 5, or by sending us an email to research@bna.com.
 Put me on standing order
    
 Notify me when new releases are available (no standing order will be created)
    