




 



 News provided byNov 29, 2017, 17:08 ET Share this articleREDMOND, Wash., Nov. 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Speaking to shareholders at Microsoft Corp.'s annual meeting on Wednesday, Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella highlighted how digital technology is driving transformation, and the opportunity for Microsoft to help its customers and partners thrive in this evolving world. "Every customer is looking for both innovative technology to drive new growth, and a strategic partner that can help them build their own digital capability," Nadella said. "Microsoft will continue to deliver differentiated solutions using new technologies, like cloud, artificial intelligence and mixed reality, to empower our customers to grow and thrive." Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Amy Hood shared highlights of Microsoft's strong performance over the past fiscal year including continued growth in its commercial cloud business. Hood noted that Microsoft's innovation road map, disciplined investment and world-class talent position the company well for continued growth and deliver value for shareholders. President and Chief Legal Officer Brad Smith discussed Microsoft's plans to modernize its headquarters in Redmond through new construction and renovations. This investment underscores the company's continued commitment to create an exceptional place to work and enhance economic opportunity for the entire region.The following proposals were acted on by the company's shareholders at the meeting: Microsoft's board of directors consists of John W. Thompson, Microsoft independent chairman; William H. Gates, co-chair and trustee of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation; Reid Hoffman, partner at Greylock Partners; Hugh Johnston, vice chairman and chief financial officer of PepsiCo Inc.; Teri L. List-Stoll, executive vice president and chief financial officer of Gap Inc.; Satya Nadella, chief executive officer of Microsoft; Charles H. Noski, former vice chairman of Bank of America Corp.; Dr. Helmut Panke, former chairman of the board of management at BMW AG; Sandra E. Peterson, group worldwide chair for Johnson & Johnson; Penny S. Pritzker, founder and chairman of PSP Capital and former U.S. Secretary of Commerce; Charles W. Scharf, chief executive officer of The Bank of New York Mellon Corp.; Arne Sorenson, president and chief executive officer of Marriott International; John W. Stanton, chairman of Trilogy Partnerships; and Padmasree Warrior, chief executive officer of NIO USA Inc.  Microsoft (Nasdaq "MSFT" @microsoft) enables digital transformation for the era of an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge. Its mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/microsoft-holds-annual-shareholders-meeting-300563951.htmlSOURCE Microsoft Corp.
www.microsoft.com
Nov 29, 2017, 18:38 ETPreview: Microsoft announces quarterly dividendNov 28, 2017, 15:00 ETPreview: Microsoft launches Azure Location Based Services for geospatial needs across industries More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 29, 2017, 17:08 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat