Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT)Credit Suisse 21st Annual Technology, Media & Telecom ConferenceNovember 29, 2017 10:15 AM ETExecutivesDave O’Hara - CVP & CFO, C&E, Office, Dynamics, AI and ResearchAnalystsMichael Nemeroff - Credit SuisseMichael NemeroffGood morning, everyone, day two of the Credit Suisse Annual Technology Conference. Thanks for joining us. We are thrilled and delighted to have Dave O’Hara, who is the CFO of Cloud and Enterprise, Office, Dynamics, AI and Research from Microsoft. Dave, welcome.Dave O’HaraThank you.Michael NemeroffAnd before I begin, I was asked to read a safe harbor statement from Microsoft. Before we begin, Microsoft may make some forward-looking statements during this presentation and you should refer to their SEC filings for the Risk Factors relating to their business. That’s true whether you are here in person or listening on the web.With that out of the way, Dave, welcome. Maybe for the audience members, if you could just give us little bit of a background and your role at Microsoft?Dave O’HaraSure, thanks. Well, the simplest way to describe, Michael, I think is that I’m the CFO for the commercial business which includes our cloud business and that cuts across Cloud and Enterprise, Office and Artificial Intelligence and Research and many other areas. So, that’s my current role, came into Microsoft through the acquisition of Great Plains many years ago, worked in the dynamic business for a while, was the CFO for the online business and CFO for Office and then Cloud and Enterprise and then as also that came together.Michael NemeroffSo, basically everything that grows at Microsoft is what you’re responsible for?Dave O’HaraNot everything, but I would say that it’s a unique position as Satya pushes for more and predictable and consisting growth, we have a lot of levers that we can pull. And so, I think within that remix, there are a lot of really good healthy growing businesses.Michael NemeroffSo, you’ve been at Microsoft for over 17 years. So, you’ve seen a couple of different CEOs in that position. Satya has come in. What do you attribute the success of Microsoft over the last couple of years?Dave O’HaraWell, there is a couple of things. Some decisions were made when Steve was still the CEO, like investing in Azure, for example, was the decision that was made originally under Steve’s watch. And Ray Ozzie, who I’m sure people know, was the original founder of that. Steve was there when we started the move to Office 365. Steve was there when we decided to get into CRM online business. And so a lot of that stuff was started many years ago. And I think what Satya did is really to step on the gas. And he just said, hey, the world is moving here faster than we thought and we need to get there faster than we thought. And so, he drove just better agility and acceleration I think as we move to the cloud and we were able to move resources over there and we were able to catch up. In a lot of the cloud services, we weren’t first mover but I think we did a good job, especially on something like Office 365 for Google Apps, cloud offering first. I think we did a really good job catching up and passing them and becoming the market leader. And so, I would say, the simple answer for me is Satya drives sort of the cultural shift in terms of agility and acceleration and really focusing on growth.Michael NemeroffDoes this feel like a new age for Microsoft, completely different than it’s been over the last five years?Dave O’HaraWell, if you’re there, I think it’s harder to see sort of the instant change. I think the market perceives if there’s some instant or overnight change, and there really wasn’t. It was more over the course of a few years. I do think we are in a better position than we were. So, if there is an incentive of the new age, I just think we’re better positioned in the cloud, we are better positioned even in SaaS and the Office 365 offerings. And so, overall, I think the Company is better positioned for growth than it was five years ago.Michael NemeroffWhat excites you the most over the next one to two years at Microsoft?Dave O’HaraWell, the cloud business, we have some lofty goals and expectations for the growth of our cloud business and we’ve even exceeded those. And so, we would sit in a room and talk about how big it could get and how big the market could get. And we had some pretty big numbers. And I think we are -- we thought it would get big, we didn’t really know how big. And from as near as we can tell, it’s actually exceeding our expectations in how fast the market can grow. And so, I think we’re again well-positioned to grow in the cloud, on Azure. I think Azure has had a really good couple of years, that’s due to a lot of hard work and a lot of forward thinking and working directly with a lot of customers. And so, I think the cloud business is by far the most immediate opportunity for us to grow. Longer term, the work that we are doing in AI has some really great applicability to customers. I think it’s very early days in AI that we’ve been doing work in AI and doing work with machine learning for a lot of years. And so, I think the key for us is to be well-positioned for the Company and then, once you see something taking off, just be able to have the agility to move the resources there and invest in it.Michael NemeroffLet’s dig in a little bit on the cloud and enterprise piece. We ran a survey or couple of surveys over the last 12 months and we -- in those surveys, the enterprise reaction was we saw an inflection point for Azure. We saw that in the fiscal Q4 results actually showed a reacceleration of growth there. What do you attribute that reacceleration in the Azure business to?Dave O’HaraWell, I think there’s a few things. One is, and you guys sort of remember these meetings after the fact, but I remember having a meeting a few years ago where we said, look, we really need to double down on the engineering, we need to get this working better and faster and we need to build out more services within Azure, and we did and we just -- we made a bet, and I think the bet has paid off. We hear from customers that the Azure service is in much better shape, they feel it’s much more competitive. We have differentiation in some very key categories like hybrid. And so, I think we just made some bets a few years ago that are starting to pay off and we are starting to see that.The other thing is that I think we’re candidly just better selling it. It wasn’t something that came natural to us. We’re used to selling on-premise products in the enterprise agreement environment and we had to figure out how to go, sell an online product in a consumption environment, and which took us a while to get our sales force. But, I feel like the sales force has figured it out, and we’re able to articulate the value prop better. We were -- I personally worked very closely with many of the big deals with customers. And so, I think we’re closer to the customer, we have the value prop down to services better. I think all of that adds up to faster growth.Michael NemeroffAnd what are those conversations like with some of your largest customers and how have they evolved as you’re selling cloud and Azure to those large enterprises over the last, let’s say three, two and one year ago?Dave O’HaraWell, I even think three, two years ago, there were still people saying, do I need to move to the cloud and if I do, when does that all need to happen. And we’re kind of passed that point. Any customers that we talk to are clearly in the mode of we need to move to the cloud, which I think points to TAM expansion, the acceleration in the growth in the market and the market being even bigger than we might have thought. And so, there is not a lot of debate anymore about whether or not they should move to the cloud, how should we move to the cloud. I think there was a lot of fear at first for customers because they saw it as you don’t need to move this environment to this environment, you need to move from on-prem to cloud. I think that’s one of the things that’s caught on with our hybrid offering as we are saying, look, it doesn’t need to be that dramatic; you don’t need to just pull everything over at once. And so, being able to offer some services in the cloud and some on-prem and have them all work together, I think that’s probably what’s resonating the most with customers. And so, the shift for me over the last two or three years is they all get it, they need to have a cloud strategy but now they also get the fact that it doesn’t need to just be one or the other, they can migrate over there in a more responsible and reasonable way.Michael NemeroffOne of the things that I talk with investors a lot, the questions that I get from investors is that sizing the opportunity in the IaaS and PaaS and SaaS environment, the overall cloud opportunity, it sounds like the hybrid approach is an expansion of the TAM that we know in cloud. How do you guys view and size the market opportunity in cloud?Dave O’HaraYes. It’s a good question and we resize it frequently. I would say, we look at it every six months and every year and just say where we are at, and the good news is it gets better. I think it has also been an assumption around Microsoft when we talk about hybrid. There has been an assumption again that our on-prem products will just sort of fade away and then the cloud will grow and the question as always is how it’s going to grow faster -- and cannibalization. And we’ve seen -- Windows Server as an example, we’ve seen a lot of our on-prem products continue to grow while we’re also growing the cloud business. And I think that reflects the success of the hybrid strategy, which is people don’t want to just throw out what they’ve invested in. They have a lot of money invested there, they have a lot of the hardware investments that they want to make sure they make use of. And so, they look at the cloud as more let’s move steps over and let’s do our new steps in the cloud and then over time we will get that. I honestly -- I don’t even know what over time means, like what’s the Windows Server business look like three to five years from now. Right now, we feel good about our Windows Server business and we continue to see decent growth. And as long as customers are happy and as long as we can enable it to work to coexist just in a cloud environment, I think we will continue to have customers there.Michael NemeroffWhat is Microsoft’s best guess as to what percent of workloads are in the public cloud today versus still buying the firewall and where do you think that could -- what you think that could look like that ratio over the next, say, five years or so?Dave O’HaraYes. I mean, I don’t know if I would call this Microsoft’s best guess, but I would say some of the numbers I’ve seen is that like 10% of the workloads are in the cloud. I would make an argument that that might even be optimistically, we might not even be there yet. And so, I think we still have lots of opportunity to move workloads to the cloud. And so, I think that will take place not over the next year or two years but more like over the next 5 to 10 years, and then I think even 10 from now we will still have -- I think we will still have some folks running some stuff on-prem. So, it’s just going to be a hybrid environment for years to come.Michael NemeroffAs you talk to these large enterprises, do you think that the hybrid cloud -- the hybrid approach that you have is your distinct advantage over competitors in the market?Dave O’HaraYes, absolutely. I think we’re uniquely positioned that way and that we’re the vendor who can go to them and say, hey, this on-prem stuff that you’ve been running, we can continue to support that and take care of that and help you run that well to have these cloud offerings, and you can do all that and the only person you need to go to, the only company you need to go to is first of all is Microsoft. So, I think a lot of times people look at legacy as something that might hold you back or boat anchor; we don’t see it that way. We see legacy as a great asset because we have all these customers running these products. And our responsibility is to make sure that our cloud offerings work with those existing products, so that they don’t have to go through some nasty transition just bailing into the cloud. So, I think there is no other company on the planet that has the array of offerings that we have.Michael NemeroffAs you talk to some of the large customers that are moving some of their workloads to cloud, what are the demand drivers of the shift to the cloud that you’re talking to them about? Dave O’HaraWell, the one -- there is two that I would point to, I think that are probably the most pronounced. One is, they don’t want to be left behind, they want to make sure that they’re current, they have the best technology. So, it’s a competitive advantage for them. They just look at -- they can get a competitive advantage by moving to the cloud or they just look at it and say all of our competitors are going in and they just don’t want to be left behind. That’s one. Two is, every conversation quickly evolves into a cost conversation, and can you guys really do this cheaper than we can do it. And we still have customers who say, even if it’s a cloud offering, we can run it cheaper ourselves. And then, when you get in and show them the numbers and show them the benefits of scale and the geographic footprint we get and all of the goodness that comes along with security and everything else that’s in our cloud, then I think they understand it that there is a difference between just running at low cost and running at low cost with all the compliance and security and everything else that goes along with it. And so, for us, if they want a competitive advantage and they want it at a lower cost than they are getting today, obviously those are the two primary drivers.Michael NemeroffOn average, when you’re looking at that total cost of ownership and that it’s less for you guys to do it, on average approximately how much less from a total cost of ownership is it typically? And I know it depends on the customer. Dave O’HaraYes, it depends but it’s -- I would say it’s almost always double-digit slower than what they could do it.Michael NemeroffGreat. And let’s talk about -- they are obviously competing cloud vendors in the marketplace, AWS has got a -- and Andy Jassy is talking right now, and we’re talking right now... Dave O’HaraThanks everybody for begin here.Michael NemeroffExactly. And then, Google Cloud is an upcoming vendor in that market. How do you guys, when you’re out in the field, how do you differentiate from the other cloud offerings other than just the hybrid cloud approach.Dave O’HaraAnd I think hybrid has been a lead story for us and I think will continue to be a lead story for us. Price is always a factor when you’re out competing in. And we’ve made some public statements that we’re going to be a price matcher. So, we’re basically saying we’re not going to lose the deal based on price. And I think that the global footprint is something that’s hard for everybody else to match. We have data centers all over the world. So, for anybody who is doing business outside of the U.S., that’s super important as well.Michael NemeroffAnd you mentioned that you would match price cuts. But do you think you’re better off matching those price cuts, if not, keeping the prices little bit higher than the others in the market, given the premium services that differentiate Microsoft?Dave O’HaraWell, I think it’s a combination of both. I mean, one is, we just said, hey, we’re not going to get our position on price, which is just that -- we just see that is there. If somebody is offering a service and we’re offering a service, then we shouldn’t be under priced. I think Microsoft has always been a company that has focused on share and we will continue to do that. I think we also are getting much better, to your earlier question, Michael, that what do we think that’s different. We are getting much better about explaining innovation that we are adding to the cloud and some of the things that we offer. So, to us, it’s both. It’s hey, we’re not going to get beat on price but…Michael NemeroffOn Compute.Dave O’HaraOn compute. But it means, hey, if you’re a customer of Microsoft for that price, you will get all these innovations that we are investing in. And so, I think ultimately, the market is going to go to being price-based and innovation as opposed to just low cost. And we -- when we came out and said, hey, we’re going to match price, it was more to take price out of the conversation and to get the conversation back to innovation and back to the best technology.Michael NemeroffSo, you feel like the mix shift of your premium services versus compute will offset the price cuts?Dave O’HaraYes, premium services is growing faster than core Azure and we will expect that to continue forward.Michael NemeroffYou mentioned earlier that you see your legacy products as an asset. What’s interesting is the durability of the server products over the last couple of years. How do you see that continuing to evolve and do you see that durability continuing in the server business?Dave O’HaraWell, yes. So, I would just say that I will continue to support those server products and we will continue to support those customers running those server products as long as they find them useful and as long as they are getting value from it. Right now, they are getting a lot of value from them. And so, we -- it goes back to the hybrid story, making sure those on-prem products work with the cloud and we’ll do that. Even Office, using Office is an example. The transition to Office 365 and the online version has -- we have done well at it, but there’s still lot of room to grow there too. And so, all of the stuff takes years and years to transition over. And so, I think the important thing for the customers is they made big investments, they don’t want to throw out those investments. They also want the benefits of the cloud, and so they expect us to make all that work together.Michael NemeroffOne of the questions I get a lot from investors is your CapEx spending and where you are in the spending on building out the datacenter footprint around the world to support Azure and for how long it could support Azure? It looks like CapEx is going to be roughly flat this year from last year. Should investors expect that the large spending on CapEx to build out Azure over the last couple of years that you’ve done is not over but kind of leveling off, so that we should start to see an improvement in the margins in that?Dave O’HaraWell, I would say, we are getting a lot of questions on cloud margin. I think it was 12, 18 months ago in terms of how we thought about cloud margin. As we explained at the time -- and we have been candid about this. We were playing catch up. And AWS had started off and Azure came out later. We had to catch up, catching up meant that we had to build out a datacenter footprint in U.S. but also around the globe. We were putting up lots of buildings and investing in a lot of servers and spending a lot of money on networking. And there is just a cost of catching up. I am not saying we’re passed that. But I do think we have a much better demand signal now. We have largely built out our global footprint, still some continue go into but we’ve largely built that. And in addition to that, the earlier comment I made about where we sat in room and said we need to really settle down on the engineering piece of this. I think we’ve driven some really good engineering improvements over the last couple of years. We have super smart engineers working on this stuff, and they’ve gone and done some things in the core cloud. They make it run more efficiently and more cost effectively, and you can get more out of a server and you can get more out of a datacenter. And so, I think when you look at the CapEx curve, when it was a steeper slope, we were playing catch-up; and now, as it sort of starts to flatten out, you are just seeing the benefits of scale and good engineering driving cost efficiency. And so, I think we will continue to see some of the benefits from the engineering investments that we made and we will continue to see some of the investments from the global expansion that we made.Michael NemeroffOne of the questions I get from investors around percent utilization of those datacenters, what is a comfortable percent utilization, as the CFO of those datacenters that you feel…Dave O’HaraWell, any engineer would say, you can measure utilization in 50 different ways and so it depends on…Michael NemeroffAnd how do you measure it, what the metrics that you look at?Dave O’HaraI would say -- well, I’d give a very CFO answer. I measure it on how are cloud gross margins are doing, right, which is if the cloud gross margins are improving, you are getting more return on your assets. And so, as long as we continue to drive improvement in cloud gross margin, I feel like we are getting decent utilization. Obviously, the engineers go through and look at that and they look at the choke points within the datacenters and say what’s the choke point and how do we expand that. And so, we’re counting on continued good innovation on the engineering side to drive better utilization of our datacenters.Michael NemeroffYou briefly touched on the gross margin of that business and last quarter was the first time that we saw the actual margins without the commercial cloud, which implied was a very healthy gross margin for Azure, probably a lot higher than people believed. What do you attribute that strength and where do you see that going over time?Dave O’HaraWell, I think it will continue to improve. I would say that I think there is a few things just to state the obvious, there is a few things that impacts margin, and first and foremost is price. And so, how do you think about -- how you think about the price you are able to achieve in the market then, which is again part of our goal of sort of neutralizing the price conversation because we do think ultimately it’s about innovation. I do think we will continue to see some engineering benefits. Even though I think the engineering team has done great work in the couple of, three years, there is still a lot of opportunity to go out and drive good benefit there, I also think there is some things that we’re doing that will -- so, there is always puts and takes. And some of the things we’re doing like building out more availability zones to make sure that customers are up and running and they don’t have any downtime. I think that’s an investment we are willing to make and that might swing a little bit the other way. But, I would just say over time, we’ll continue to see good improvement in cloud gross margin.Michael NemeroffI’m sure. As the CFO, you look at your competitors’ margins and their businesses and say okay how can I do as good if not better? AWS, industry-leading margins right now in the public cloud business, is there any reason why you couldn’t match or exceed what AWS is doing in their margins in their cloud business?Dave O’HaraYes. We’ve always that when we’re at the same scale, when we are at the same inflection point, we should be able to achieve same gross margins. I think Microsoft is in a unique position because really we talked about the Microsoft cloud. Last quarter, we reported $5 billion in cloud revenue and that’s -- we’re talking about Office 365, we’re talking about Azure and we’re talking about Dynamics. Bing, you can even argue that Bing was a very first cloud service we had. And so, when we are building out a datacenter, we don’t build it out for one SKU, we don’t build it out for sort of their metal SKU, for lack of a better word. We’re supporting this very diverse cloud until -- I think there is a little bit of uniqueness there in terms of how we think about spend and how we think about the cloud build out. I also think it puts us in a very unique position relative to competitors that we have a much broader cloud offering. And so, I think over time, we will see -- it’s fair to go in and say how are those margins doing compared to others, how is Office doing compared to others’ assets, how is Dynamics doing compared to others’ assets, how is core Azure doing compared to AWS? I think those are all fair comparisons. Michael NemeroffThat’s great. That’s a great segue into turning to Office 365, the commercial opportunity. The Office 365 commercial for the first time recently that eclipsed the licensing on Office 365. What inning do you think we’re in and how large do you think that 365 commercial business could be over the next couple of years.Dave O’HaraYes. It’s sort of interesting, because when I was -- when I first moved in the office business, I heard a lot of people saying, hey office stays [ph] flat, it’s going -- and we have over the course of few years, we’ve injected really good healthy growth back into the office business. And so, the question is how high is that. I would just revert back to our strategy, which is our strategy has been use office as an opportunity to both, continue to customers in the office environment but also to break into new markets if you look at E5 that’s helping us break into new markets that we wouldn’t have been in otherwise or there we wouldn’t have been a big player in otherwise, security is a big piece of how we think about that BI and analytics, voice. All of those are part of those are part of the E5 offering. And so, what we did is we -- at one point in time, I mean, it’s early days, our E1 SKU, our low-end SKU was the most predominant SKU. And now, we’ve said that over half of our customers are running premium SKUs, which is E3 and higher. And so, we just look at it as the Office play book is keep offering skews, use the Office strategy to break into new markets and do it in a very cost competitive way. So, how high is that is really dictated by how innovative can we be, what’s E next look like? We have E3 and E5, what’s E next, and what are those…Michael NemeroffCan you tell us what is E next?Dave O’HaraWe haven’t announced anything, but we always -- I think it’s an opportunity for us to continue to build on a really high value add offering to customers.Michael NemeroffHas the average of the different E1, E3 and E5 trended up over the last couple of years? The average price...Dave O’HaraWell, I would say, our ARPU has trended up but that has to do more with the mix, that has to do more to do with people moving to E3 or people moving to E5. And so, haven’t increased pricing, but we have shifted the mix in the higher value SKUs.Michael NemeroffWithin E5, what are the some of the demand drivers that are pushing that -- the highest price to your -- is it BI, security?Dave O’HaraSecurity is certainly top of mind for lots of people, and we have a really good security offering to the E5 SKU. So, when we’re in talking about E5, we -- security is the big topic of conversation. The BI and the analytics, we have -- the Power BI stuff is very popular either the free version or the paid version, they’re both doing well. So, I think the analytics piece is super important. And then, voice is typically a longer term step. If you’re trying to get somebody to replace their PDF system, that’s going to be a longer conversation. So, I think it’s a mix. When we came out with the E5 SKU, folks were asking how do these thing tie together and how do they accrue value in certain companies that focus in more on one of the other. And then, in the end, when you get done talking, a lot of them just say fine, let’s take the E5 SKU in. So, they are all good offerings that we will use over time.Michael NemeroffI was just out at Salesforce’s Dreamforce Conference, and they had a market share slide with Microsoft really down low as with Dynamics at the bottom of that slide. How are you guys thinking about getting some more market share in the Dynamics business and what are the drivers there? Is it with through the acquisition of LinkedIn and the data that that’s going to provide? What are some of the things that you guys are working on to really pour some gas on the fire in the Dynamics business?Dave O’HaraYes. I think Dynamics -- and Satya would say Dynamics as a company is our biggest opportunity for growth and I think it’s -- candidly it’s also -- again, very CFO’s perspective, but it’s a biggest opportunity for good healthy gross margin. So, we look at the Dynamics business and we say, the history of biz apps has been about big monolithic applications where people need to come in and pay a lot of money and then pay even more money to get them implemented. And by the time you are done, you are years into it and tens of millions of dollars. And so, we’ve been on a path to take that tech and break it down, so it’s more digestible and it’s more disruptive to the marketplace which is you don’t have to buy these big monolithic apps. You can go in and buy a set of services and only the set of services that you need or you can just go in and buy a subset of those services. And we do it in a very cost effective way. So, what we are trying to tell folks again, sort of similar to the cloud -- or similar to the hybrid story is, hey, you don’t need to throw out everything you’ve invested in. So, we are not in trying to say throw out your ERP and build on our ERP. We are saying we have some really -- we have a great collection of biz app services that can be broken down and you can just take pieces of it at a time. So, if you already made a big investment in some ERP system, we can go in and augment that; we can surround that. And over time if they want to throw all that out and go with ours, it’s great, but it’s not required.So, I think for us, the real opportunity Dynamics when you see that low share is -- it’s all growth. So, it’s all upside. As we look at Office we have pretty high share. There is still upside in Office but it’s a high share offering and whereas Dynamics, we just feel like it’s all upside.Michael NemeroffClosing out on Office, I’d be remiss if I didn’t ask about the piracy, pirated base of Office users, very heavily pirated software. How does the 365 commercial or the shift to the cloud help you in that pirated capacity?Dave O’HaraYes. Well, obviously, it’s really, really hard to pirate an online service and there’s ways we can govern that. And so, if you’re -- we’re building all of our innovation into the online services, continuing to innovate in our on-prem as well but a lot of that goodness is coming in the online service. And so, if you want the latest and greatest Office, you should be in the offering, which is hard to pirate. I would just say that our strategy on Office is, first of all, we want you as an Office user; and secondly, we want you as a paying Office user. And so, if the choice is having them use a pirated version versus having them use a competitive product, we’d probably take that. And then, over time, we just want to move them to Office 365 when they are ready to move there.Michael NemeroffAnd just lastly on Office margins. Do you think that you can keep pushing past peak margins in that business, in the Office business? When do you get there with scale in the cloud?Dave O’HaraYes. I mean, I feel like the Office business is a pretty scale business right now. There’s still benefits of scale that we can achieve with Office. But -- and you pointed out earlier, over half of our customers are now cloud customers, and that’s pretty scale business. I would say -- and inverse to that, sort of a different lens on that questions we get asked is how do you feel about Office price. Because if you really wanted to drive up margins in Office, you would look at pricing and say is there something we can do on Office pricing. And we feel -- we are again a share company, we feel like it’s important to have as many people using Office as possible. And so, we are not focused on maximizing price. We are focused on maximizing value to the customer and maximizing share. And so, I think there’s always been opportunity to improve margins in any product including Office. But, we feel -- and we will continue to see improvement in Office margins. But we feel good about our strategy and our strategy is one more of share as opposed to maximizing price and maximizing margins today. It’s more about the long haul.Michael NemeroffOne of the things that we keep hearing Satya talk about is artificial intelligence. And you are in charge of artificial intelligence at Microsoft. I keep reading about advances and investments that you guys are making in hardware and quantum computing and pushing that. How does AI fit into the overall strategy of Microsoft and where is that today versus just a couple of years ago?Dave O’HaraYes. Well, AI, we’ve made a lot of progress in AI in the last couple of years. I also feel it’s still very nascent. I mean, the one thing that’s unique about the cloud business I think, when we are -- and I’ll circle around that to your question, I promise. But the one thing about the cloud business is it’s just a high -- it’s an expensive game to be in. And there just can’t be that many players of scale. And I think we’re seeing that and I think we will see that in artificial intelligence too, which is it’s really going to be an expensive business to play. And so, I think…Michael Nemeroff[Indiscernible]Dave O’HaraWell, because the investment that you need to make just in the engineering side when -- the engineering side and AI…Michael Nemeroff On the hardware side?Dave O’HaraWell, on the software side first. And then, when you start talking about hardware and you start talking about things like quantum and some of those other innovative technologies, you really got to sort of stare into the investments and say, am I ready for this? And so, they is just don’t that many companies that literally can afford to do at much less, have the fortitude to do it. And so, I think the folks who win in AI will be the ones that are willing to make the big investment and who are willing to innovate both on the hardware and the software side. And we’re making investments in both those. We’re also seeing some companies out of China that are leaning in heavy on AI. And so, I think it will be -- I do think it will be a bit of a deep pockets race. There will be companies, point solutions to do great work on AI and it will be cool and innovative and helpful. But to really get scale on AI, I think they are going to need some fairly deep pockets. And so, early, early days. You asked a question earlier about what inning are we in Office. I think in AI, we are absolutely still in the first inning. Michael NemeroffAs the CFO, you’re the person in-charge of making those investments and you just said you have to kind of stare into the investment to get comfortable but there is going to be a return on that. How much are you willing to put in, throw in to AI without knowing what the payback is going to be over the next three, four or five years.Dave O’HaraYes. That’s a good question. We ask ourselves that every day. I mean, yesterday, we were asking ourselves that question. I would just say that we focus on is there value to customers. And so, we try to think what we are building and what we are working on and get that in front of a customer as soon as we possibly can and say does this have value for you, would this -- do you see this is helping you run your business? And if the answer is yes, then ultimately, we feel like there is a monetization model there. And so, we don’t need to know the exact SKU or the exact price of that SKU or who is going to buy it. We just need to know that customers are going to look at it and say hey that’s innovative, I want that, that will help me, and then we will figure out the monetization strategy. So, I would just say, the short answer is, we will make -- we will continue to make investments. We will continue to be a market leader in AI and they will be responsible investments that have some forward-looking lens on monetization.Michael NemeroffWell, how forward is that lens? I mean, I guess that’s the question, right? If you are going to see the return in one year and two years, then yes, probably you are going to make that investment. But how willing are you to look out three to five years for some of the -- to see the monetization and the investments that you’re making in AI?Dave O’HaraYes. Part of our org is also Microsoft Research. And we have -- we invest a considerable amount in just pure research every year. And so, it’s a lot of the AI work gets done in MSR and then lot of the AI work gets done in the engineering groups. So, if you look at something like MSR, we don’t look at that through a monetization lens per se. We just say, look, there is research that we need to be doing to stay on the cutting edge and we’re going to continue to do that. As it moves closer to our product group, we move it closer toward a monetization model. And so, we -- I really look at it and say -- as a CFO, I look at it and say, is that something somebody would be willing to pay for. Whether that’s a year down the road or three years down the road, I think that matters but it matters less. It’s more like are we really adding value to customers. To have the pure MSR research piece which is doing a lot of great stuff in AI and then you the product groups which are doing AI that’s closer to a customer’s solution. And then ultimately we just end up with something that...Michael NemeroffRelated to AI as well as research, how do you measure success with some of the investments that you’re making, especially if they’re long-term investments?Dave O’HaraWe had -- we go through and do a deep analysis on the return on invested capital for CapEx for example. And so, that’s another big bet where we were spending obviously billions of dollars and we just said how are we really going to get return on this. And so, you just have to go through and build the model. I think that from our perspective, the toughest part about building a long-term model is just getting a sense of the demand. I mean, do you really have -- do you really have a nose for the demand curve and what’s the demand look like. And in AI, it’s early days. I mean, all we know is everybody is super interested in it; they think it’s cool; they really don’t know how it’s all going to work. But I think there is enough there for us to keep investing because people are saying, if this really works, we’ll pay for it. Michael NemeroffThere has been a lot of investment and talk about collaboration tools and you actually have Microsoft Teams which is a relatively new product competing against Slack, which an upstart kind of went toe to toe with you guys and publically. How do you view the competition in the collaboration space right now.Dave O’HaraThere is a lot of innovative companies out there. I think that Slack, Stewart in that curve done really good work and they were out front on a lot of that -- how they think about collaboration and communication. We have customers that tell us, hey, we use Slack, we’re a Slack shop, but we also use it with Office 365. So, don’t be confused, we love Office 365. That’s just our communication tool. That’s a little bit of what drove us to build the Teams as we just saw folks using both. And we said, well, maybe there is an opportunity to just have that all work in one environment. There is a lot of good innovators out there I think and lots of interesting stuff on collab. Some other companies out there are doing really good stuff. Ultimately, we have a really big base of Office customers. And we feel like if we can take Teams to that Office -- that base of Office customers, that’s going to give them the collaboration they need.Michael NemeroffAnd that comes bundled in with some of the higher price tiered offerings. Have you been tracking usage? I’m sure that that’s still the problem. And how has that been trending over the…Dave O’HaraWell, it’s good, it is good and growing and… Michael NemeroffStill new.Dave O’HaraYes, good and growing and growing faster. To your point, it’s early days.Michael NemeroffSo, what are -- you are obviously in charge of the research division too, which is the cutting edge of what Microsoft is working on. What are some of the areas that are the most exciting things that we will hear about from Microsoft over the next one, two and three years?Dave O’HaraYes. And we’ve touched on -- I think we’ve touched on most of them. I think, AI, you will see a lot of stuff manifested in AI and a lot of that started in MSR and then will just eventually segue to the product groups. I think quantum is really interesting opportunity. And I sit in lots of quantum meetings, and I’m still not sure I understand it, but there are people who do. And I think they are doing really interesting work and we will see where that goes. But, not all of those bets are going to pay off. I think we just need to make the bets. And then I’ll just start back what the very first question we had, which is what’s different about Microsoft. I feel like we’re better at identifying the bets that are starting to get traction and moving resources and dollars to those bets. So, we’re not trying to pick the winners right away, we’re trying to invest in various areas. And once we see one of them start to win, then we’re better at moving the resources there and investing.Michael NemeroffMicrosoft has always had the largest partner ecosystem and network. As your products are changing and the go-to-market is changing for the different cloud type of products, how has the partner ecosystem changed over the last couple of years and where do you see it over the next couple of years?Dave O’HaraYes. The partner ecosystem has in some ways -- I am trying to figure out the best word, in some way they are hungrier, right, because they know that they just need to keep paying the bills every day. And so they want that innovation and they want that newness. And the partner ecosystem has shown an amazing propensity for making big bets and big investments. They are just -- a lot of them just come to us and say tell us that you are working on, we want to get in front of that; we want to build a new practice. There are some partners who are more focused on taking care of their existing customers and may be they are not innovating as much -- investing in the new products as much. But we need a balance of that. I mean, we need partner ecosystems kind of take care of all of our customers’ on-prem, in the cloud, wherever they are. And so, I feel like I am a big believer in the partner ecosystem. I know a lot of partners, personally spend time with them and I think we have a partner network that’s second to none, and we’ll continue to have that.Michael NemeroffOne thing I didn’t ask about is Microsoft’s security strategy. It’s very important these days. How would you characterize it these days at Microsoft?Dave O’HaraI would describe it as a very strong business and growing. To the earlier question about E5, that’s probably the biggest demand pool for how we think about E5; it’s also the biggest demand pool for how we think about Azure, which is securing compliance in people. That’s just table stakes. If you have a cloud service, you have to have the best security and you have to have -- it has to be compliant. And so, we focus on those. From the very first day, we have been -- that’s been a focus for us. I don’t know that security is something that Microsoft has always been know for but I think we’re getting more known for that, especially as the cloud offerings continue to grow.End of Q&AMichael NemeroffDave, we are out of time. Thank you very much for joining us today. I think that was very informative. Thanks everybody for joining us today, as well the audience.Dave O’HaraThanks, Michael.Question-and-Answer SessionEnd of Q&ACopyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.