Costco has a great business model to grow its revenue and net income in the long-term.The company continues to show growth in earnings, revenues, and membership counts.Its current PE ratio is slightly above its 5-year average.Shares of Costco Corporation (COST) have been on an interesting ride in the past year. Its shares reached an all-time high of about $183 per share earlier this year before slid to a low of about $150 per share in late July. Since then, its shares have gradually climbed back to about $172 lately. Is Costco's shares still a buy? We will explore Costco's latest operating and financial figures, discussing its business strategies, and analyzing its valuation to find out if Costco is still a buy.

COST data by YChartsThere are several positive trends that I like about Costco's latest earnings report, and I will summarize them below.Growing Earnings Per ShareFirst, I like the fact that its earnings per share continue to increase year-over-year as shown in the chart below. Its fourth quarter fiscal 2017 EPS reached $2.09 per share from $1.77 per share a year ago. It appears to me that its decision to raise membership fee earlier in the year was the main driver behind this impressive EPS increase as the increase in membership fee contributes about $0.25 of its fourth quarter EPS.

Source: Created by author, Company ReportsMembership Count Continues to IncreaseSince Costco operates its business by allowing only paid members to shop in its warehouses and e-commerce website, we need to continuously monitor its membership count. A declining membership count will be alarming as that will likely lead to declining net income. Not only because this will lead to less people shopping in its warehouse, but also because its membership revenue accounts for about 80% of its total net income. By looking at Costco's membership count, we will have a good feel of how its revenue and net income will be like in the future quarters. Fortunately, as the chart below shows, Costco's membership continues to increase year over year and quarter over quarter. As can be seen, by the end of the fourth quarter, its total membership cardholders grew to 90.3 million, an increase of 1.4 million quarter over quarter or 3.6 million year over year.

Source: Created by author, Company ReportsWith increasing membership cardholders and household memberships, Costco's net income should at least grow steadily or modestly in the subsequent quarters. However, one trend we need to pay attention to is its membership growth rate. In 2015 and 2016, its total membership cardholders increased by 4.9 million and 5.4 million respectively from prior years. These numbers are much higher than the cardholders increase of 3.6 million in 2017. As the chart below shows, we see its membership growth rate decelerating. This trend is worrisome in the near-term. However, I am not as concerned. This is because Costco has yet to enter the world's most populous market, China. They have been preparing to enter China for quite some time, and the entry will likely spark membership growth as they can easily replicate their positive experiences from their stores in Korea, Japan and Taiwan. In fact, several Costco warehouses in Taiwan and South Korea are among the top 10 Costco warehouses worldwide in terms of revenues (click here).

Source: Created by author, Company ReportsComparable Revenue Growth AcceleratingDespite its membership growth rate decelerating, we are actually seeing its monthly revenue growth rate accelerating. As the chart below shows, we see its growth rate accelerating almost on a monthly basis. Excluding foreign exchange and fuel sales, we see Costco's total October revenue grew by 5.6%. Its sales in the United States grew by 5.9%. Its international monthly revenue growth rate excluding United States and Canada was even more impressive, a growth rate of 7.4% in October.

Source: Created by author, Company ReportsIn our previous section, we have seen a positive growth trend in Costco's latest operating and financial highlights. Now we will take a look at its business strategy in the context of the recent trend in the retail sector to see whether Costco can maintain this positive growth in its revenue and earnings in the future.Industry Leading Wages Brings Productive StaffCostco has been known for paying its employees with industry leading wages. Its management could have chosen to hire employees at lower wages to boost its bottom line, they have decided not to do so. This strategy actually worked well as much more satisfied employees brings better productivity and help improve customer satisfaction. This also shows how much Costco values in building long-term relationships with its employees and customers.Strategies to Create Sticky and Loyal MembersI like different strategies that Costco used to stimulate its members to shop at its warehouses. For example, they include treasure hunts, cost-savings with bulk purchases, gasoline services, auto services, generous refund policy, credit cards, etc. Take for example the gasoline service offered by Costco, even if Amazon can arrange to offer cheap gas at some gas station chains for its prime members, it won't generate more sales online directly. On the other hand, Costco's gasoline stations, located in close proximity to its warehouses, will draw its members to shop also at the warehouses. Even if the world moves on to electric vehicles (which will take probably at least 1 to 2 decades), Costco can easily install fast charging stations to draw its customers to the warehouses.In my opinion, Costco's warehouse model that creates stickiness for its members and values long-term relationship continues to offer a moat against the threat from e-commerce giants such as Amazon (AMZN). On the other hand, Costco's e-commerce segment continues to experience strong growth, registering 30% growth rate in October. If Costco can lever its existing warehouses to grow its e-commerce platform, the opportunity can be enormous.We will now evaluate whether Costco's share price is reasonable or not. Its forward PE ratio of 26.7x is about 1.2x above its 5-year average of 25.5x. This slightly higher valuation can be warranted if it can consistently increase its Price to Earnings Growth ("PEG"). However, Costco shares' current PEG of 2.83% is lower than 2016 and 2015's 3.07% and 3.22% respectively. This tells me that Costco shares may be slightly over-valued.While Costco may have a good business model that will allow both top and bottom line growth in the long-term, I think its share prices may be slightly over-valued. I think the company has a great future, but for me, I would like more margin of safety and hence would want a lower entry price than its current price today.Note: This is not financial advice and that all financial investments carry risks. Investors are expected to seek financial advice from professionals before making any investment.Thank you for reading. If you like my article, please scroll to the top of the article and click on "follow" to receive future updates.Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.