Comcast is already a vertically integrated media, content, and distribution conglomerate.Broadband is the backbone of the company as it provides access for all data and content.The rollback of Net Neutrality will provide the company with additional pricing leverage.Shares are undervalued and have not participated in the YTD stock market rally.Maybe someone should tell the DoJ to check out Comcast (CMCSA)That's because Comcast enjoys the benefit of already being what AT&T Inc. (T) currently can only aspire to be; a vertically integrated purveyor of proprietary media, content, and distribution resources. Back when Comcast acquired NBCU in 2011, well ahead of the more recent spate of media consolidation, management was either just plain lucky or they understood well before most the advantage that proprietary content would provide in the race for market share. Now, as AT&T does battle with the U.S. Department of Justice (DoJ) for regulatory approval of its proposed merger with Time Warner Inc. (TWX), Comcast quietly goes about its business and continues to leverage its media content resource, NBCUniversal (NBCU), across its extensive cable network.As a result, Comcast Corporation has developed into one of the largest and most diversified telecom companies in the U.S. with over 25 million broadband subscribers, more than 22 million pay-TV customers and a leading media content and entertainment provider in NBCU which operates broadcast networks, production studios, local TV stations, theme parks and various distribution platforms.The company recently reported higher-than-expected earnings of $.52/share on adjusted revenue of $20.98 billion vs. expectations of $.50/share and $21.04 billion. Free cash flow was $2.3 billion for the quarter. Going back to the Great Recession, the company has a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 13% which has gained traction since the NBCUniversal merger.

Source: Comcast Q3-17 Earnings Presentation

Vertical integration in the telecom sector has become especially significant since the recent emergence of Over-The-Top (OTT) internet content, and distribution providers such as Netflix Inc. (NFLX), Roku Inc. (ROKU), Sling TV, and the like have come to the fore and are challenging traditional linear (scheduled) pay-TV distributors like Comcast and AT&T and DISH Network Corporation (NASDAQ:DISH) at an increasing rate as streaming video services continue to evolve. As OTT continues to proliferate, the strategic benefits associated with proprietary content will become more important and evident. This is exactly why Netflix and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) are heavily investing in original video content as they attempt to drive product differentiation and grow customer subscriptions.However, all that OTT content needs to be delivered via a cable connection to a router and that is where Comcast's broadband dominance comes into play. For the 12th consecutive year in a row, Comcast expects to add over 1 million net new IP broadband customers. As a provider of both content and the cable by which that content is delivered, the company can stem the tide of defections by lowering the price of their TV cable subscriptions and offset those lower fees by pivoting to higher broadband pricing.Indeed, the recent decision by The Federal Communications Commission to dismantle Net Neutrality essentially eliminates the threat of pricing regulations and clears the way for Comcast to potentially offset losses in pay-TV with higher broadband pricing.As a result, and because they already have a vertically integrated network in place, Comcast is the best positioned of the "traditional" telecoms. As fixed and wireless networks in the U.S. continue to converge, the company's advantage, with its improving broadband speeds resulting from the roll out of DOCSIS 3.1, will only get better. And while some point to the next generation 5G fixed wireless deployment as a threat that may render Comcast's comprehensive and dense wired broadband network moot, investors would do well to remember that fixed line will still be required for backhaul. At any rate, 5G rollout won't start in earnest for another 5 years.

Source: GSMA 2015 Brazil, August 2015 Industry Hot Topic: 5GSimilarly, as a provider of both broadband and pay-TV subscription services, OTT may present both an opportunity and a risk for Comcast. During the most recent quarter, Comcast lost 125,000 pay-TV subscribers while gaining 214,000 broadband customers. I expect the company may continue to experience continued growth in its broadband customer base while at the same time continue to lose cable TV subscribers who defect to lower cost a la carte offerings by competitors or who simply cancel their subs and access content OTT.The company has historically maintained a conservative balance sheet, generated stable cash flows and prudently balanced shareholder and bondholder interests by keeping payout ratios well within acceptable margins.

CMCSA Debt to Equity Ratio (Quarterly) data by YCharts

CMCSA Free Cash Flow (NYSE:TTM) data by YChartsComcast trades at a respectable EV/EBITDA multiple of 8.17x vs. 11.3x for cable peers and a combined Telecom Services, Equipment and Wireless Industry average of 8.71x.

CMCSA EV to EBITDA (Forward) data by YChartsOn a Forward Price to Earnings basis, Comcast trades at around 17.5x versus the Telecom and Cable industry average of 26x and the S&P index of around 20x.

CMCSA PE Ratio (Forward) data by YChartsFurther, while the S&P is up 15.6% YTD, Comcast, as with most telecoms, has not taken part in the overall rally and has advanced just 4.1% on the year.

CMCSA data by YChartsFor investors looking to add a holding to their portfolio that has not been driven to nose bleed valuations with the current market highs, and is well positioned for future growth, the current share price of Comcast represents an attractive entry point as the company continues to leverage its vast customer domain, proprietary video content and high-speed IP network.Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.