
Team Comcast Roster of Thirteen Team USA Athletes Includes Gold 
      Medalist Jamie Anderson, Silver Medalist Gus Kenworthy, Gold Medalist 
      and Purple Heart Recipient Rico Roman, and Cross-Country Skier Jessie 
      Diggins
Comcast's Team USA athlete partners for the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018. Photo by Danielle Levitt.Comcast's Team USA athlete partners for the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018. Photo by Danielle Levitt.PHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Comcast, an official 
      partner of the United States Olympic Committee (USOC), today 
      announced partnerships with thirteen Team USA athletes who hope to 
      represent their country at the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games 2018.
    
      “We’re proud to support these incredible athletes for the Olympic and 
      Paralympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018,” said Matt Lederer, Executive 
      Director of Partnership Marketing at Comcast. “Behind these incredible 
      athletes are inspiring stories of hard work, dedication, victory and 
      defeat. As they head out to compete against the best athletes in the 
      world, we are honored to bring their friends, family, communities and 
      all Americans closer to every Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games moment 
      in new and innovative ways on their TVs and across devices.”
    
      Comcast is proud to serve communities across America, and support some 
      of the incredible athletes the entire country will be cheering on in 
      their pursuit of gold. Team Comcast includes the following athletes:
    
      Comcast is an official partner of the United States Olympic Committee 
      through 2020, which includes the Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games 
      PyeongChang 2018 and the Olympic and Paralympic Summer Games Tokyo 2020.
    
      Comcast continues to bring Team USA at the Winter Olympics home to 
      America in new and interesting ways on the TV and across devices. 
      Leveraging industry-leading X1 technology, Comcast will deliver the most 
      innovative, comprehensive and technologically advanced Olympic Winter 
      Games viewing experience ever. Tune into the Winter Olympics opening 
      ceremonies on February 9 on NBC.
    
About Comcast

      Comcast Corporation (Nasdaq: CMCSA) is a global media and technology 
      company with two primary businesses, Comcast Cable and NBCUniversal. 
      Comcast Cable is one of the nation’s largest video, high-speed internet, 
      and phone providers to residential customers under the XFINITY brand, 
      and also provides these services to businesses. It also provides 
      wireless security and automation services to residential customers under 
      the XFINITY brand. NBCUniversal operates news, entertainment and sports 
      cable networks, the NBC and Telemundo broadcast networks, television 
      production operations, television station groups, Universal Pictures and 
      Universal Parks and Resorts. Visit www.comcastcorporation.com for 
      more information.
    

      Comcast CorporationLisa Scalzo, 215-286-5211Lisa_Scalzo@comcast.comorRachel 
      Zabinski, 215-286-1516Rachel.Zabinski@comcast.com
Comcast Announces Team USA Athlete Partners For Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games PyeongChang 2018
      Comcast CorporationLisa Scalzo, 215-286-5211Lisa_Scalzo@comcast.comorRachel 
      Zabinski, 215-286-1516Rachel.Zabinski@comcast.com
