Three main changes at GE are a good start.United Technologies acquisition of Rockwell Collins may be a good move long term.Which company provides the better value?The new CEO, John Flannery, is making a number of major changes at GE but it all boils down to three things: cutting costs, transforming the culture, and focusing on the core. His initial moves in each area are in the right direction but fall short of what was hoped for by investors and analysts alike. And the share price continues to fall.In terms of cutting costs, Mr. Flannery admits that the company is bloated and raised the goal of cutting $2 billion in costs to $3 billion. Cutting the dividend will also help conserve cash but did not sit well with investors who had held on through so much negative news under Immelt precisely because they liked the regular dividend.The new management team has a deep hole from which to climb after its predecessors paid lavish premiums for acquisitions that have not provided the expected returns. The huge goodwill built up under Mr. Immelt will continue to act as an anchor dragging down earnings growth for many more years. It does, after all, need to be amortized. Of course that does not affect adjusted earnings, just the return on invested capital; which is horribly below average.Mr. Flannery's second imperative is the transform the culture. Here I have to say that he is making more headway. He is shaking up the senior management team, reducing the board size, and replacing board members whose expertise is not longer required as GE has shed much of its financial services unit.On his attempt to focus the company on its core, he intends to sell off non-core assets such as units in transports and industrial lighting to the tune of $20 billion. Again, this is a good start but much more was expected. What will be interesting to witness is how the cash generated from the sales is allocated.GE produces very little free cash flow as a percentage of sales compared to many businesses. Let's look at what our algorithm data file shows us:

First, the FROIC (forward return on invested capital) is very low. We generally look for companies with at least a FROIC of 15% and prefer those above 20%. At 3-4% recently, and negative as recently as 2015, GE falls far short of what we would consider a quality investment in this regard.The Capflow ratio (capex relative to cash flow) show us that this is not only a capital intensive company but one that uses more than half its cash flow to maintain operations. This is sustainable but does not provide much flexibility to allocate more capital toward future growth.The Badwill to Price ratio (Badwill includes goodwill + intangible assets) is above a comfortable level which means the company has overpaid for assets acquired. That indicates poor capital allocation practices.Then there is the Friedrich Cash Machine (free cash flow expressed as a percentage of revenue) which indicates that the margins are very low. This ratio should be above 10% for most companies and we tend to favor those that sport a 15% or better ratio. A company that generates more free cash flow generally has greater potential for additional growth due to having the resources needed to support investment generated internally.Finally, we should look at the Sherlock Debt Divisor (working capital minus debt added to market price). When debt exceeds working capital this ratio is higher than the market price. This is our method of penalizing companies for using too much debt as we use this instead of the market price in several calculations. It rarely make much difference in well-run companies, but when debt becomes too high it often has negative impacts on future capital flexibility which can hurt long-term growth prospects.Based upon our free cash flow valuation model GE is overbought and should not be considered for purchase at the current time even after the stock price has fallen more than 42% since the beginning of 2017. There could be further to go in 2018 before this mammoth ship has righted course.UTX has decided to concentrate more on supplying the commercial aircraft industry which I believe is a good move. The acquisition of Rockwell Collins (COL), announced last September makes a lot of sense to us. Rockwell has created a business that manufactures parts for airplanes, primarily avionics, flight controls, aircraft interior, and data connectivity products. UTX already manufactures turbofan engines for many of the same customers. As commercial aircraft manufacturers consolidate vendors and standardize parts across planes to hold down costs, UTX will be well positioned in the future after the Rockwell acquisition.Owning COL has been good for our portfolio, even before the merger announcement. Let's take a look now at what our algorithm data file tells us about UTX:

First off, the FROIC is still lower than we like but much better than that of GE and consistently in the low teens. The Friedrich Cash Machine ratio has dropped recently below 10% but the company has consistently had better margins, in terms of free cash flow, than GE.The Capflow ratio is much more manageable providing UTX management with far more flexibility. Badwill is a little higher than we would like but it is trending down. It will jump again after the COL acquisition but this company has a better track record of systematically amortizing goodwill after major acquisitions.The Sherlock Debt Divisor is above the Wall Street Price (market price) but not by as much as in the case of GE. The ratio equals 1.17% of the market price for UTX whereas it stands at 1.47% for GE. That is a big difference. Remember that anything at or below one is excellent.UTX only receives a Super Six Score rating of two at the present time but it remains rated a hold by the Friedrich algorithm.Which is the better value?Of the two we would stay away from GE until the fundamentals show the improvement promised by management. Never forget that management is always compelled to tell the story of the company's future in a positive manner. There have been a lot of insider buys at GE lately so they must believe themselves, too. But so far every one of the purchases is under water and things may get worse before it gets better.If you own UTX we would hold the company for the long term as its prospects for future growth remain bright. We recently wrote an article about Boeing (BA) which will be a major customer, especially after the COL acquisition. Boeing has several years of backlog orders on the books and continues to sell more planes for the future. That will provide a solid future revenue stream for its vendors like UTX.Neither is recommended as an outright buy at today's prices in what we consider to be an overvalued market. If tax reform is passed, lowering the effective tax rate on U.S. corporations, industrials such as UTS should benefit from being more competitive on a global scale and from a pickup in capital investment here at home.If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comment section below and don't forget to hit the "Follow" button next to my name at the top of this article. For those who would like to learn more about my investment philosophy, please consider reading "How I Created My Own Portfolio Over a Lifetime."Disclosure: I am/we are long UTX. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.Additional disclosure: DISCLAIMER: This analysis is not advice to buy or sell this or any stock; it is just pointing out an objective observation of unique patterns that developed from our research. Factual material is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but the poster is not responsible for any errors or omissions, or for the results of actions taken based on information contained herein. Nothing herein should be construed as an offer to buy or sell securities or to give individual investment advice.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.