A monitor displays signage for General Electric Co. (GE) on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., on Monday, Oct. 23, 2017. Photographer: Michael Nagle/BloombergOn October 26, 2017, media reports indicated that General Electric Company (NYSE: GE, $20.16, Market Capitalization: $175 billion), a global industrial conglomerate, is planning to spin-off its transportation business, while some reports suggest that the company might spin-off its healthcare unit as well. According to reports, GE is also considering other alternatives including engaging in a partnership or sale of the transportation business. Post spin-off, transportation business which accounted for 4% of GE’s industrial revenue in 2016, will manufacture freight and passenger diesel-electric locomotives and provide services including advisory services, parts and integrated software solutions & data analytics, including overhaul, repair and upgrade services. In 2016, Locomotives and services accounted for 86% of the segment’s revenue. On the other hand, GE will continue to manufacture products and services from its portfolio of power generation, oil and gas production equipment, aviation and healthcare and energy businesses. The company hosts a wide array of products and services that range from aircraft engines, power generation, water processing, and household appliances to medical imaging, business and consumer financing and industrial products.Earlier on June 12, 2017, GE appointed Mr. John Flannery as new CEO of the company effective August 1, 2017; replaced Mr. Jeff Immelt, who will remain as Chairman of the Board until his retirement on December 31, 2017. Mr. Rafael Santana, who was President and CEO of GE Latin America, has been appointed as the new CEO of GE Transportation, effective November 1, 2017. Jamie Miller was also appointed as the CFO effective November 1, 2017, replacing Mr. Jeffrey Bornstein, who will be leaving GE on December 31, 2017. Mr. Flannery has announced his intention to review all business units and streamline the company’s operations. In the 3Q17 earnings call, the CEO stated his plan to divest more than $20 billion of assets over the next two years. On November 13, 2017, Mr. Flannery is expected to offer more insight on various operational measures, including clarity on the future of the Transportation business. Additionally, Trian Fund Management, an investment management firm led by activist investor Mr. Nelson Peltz has been pushing GE to cut costs and improve performance. In March, GE announced an ambitious plan to reduce expenses by $2 billion by 2018. GE’s investors remain concerned about the company’s weak profitability and potential dividend cuts, resulting in a substantial fall in the stock price (down 35% YTD). Although all alternatives remain open for GE, reports suggest that the company may be subject to huge tax liabilities in case of a sale of the transportation unit.General Electric Company
GE Key DataTop 5 ShareholdersDeal RationaleIn the 3Q17 earnings conference call, GE’s newly appointed CEO John Flannery referred to the company’s quarterly performance as "unacceptable." The ongoing weak performance continued even as GE had pledged to slash more than $2 billion in costs in 2018. The company is restructuring its operations by evaluating businesses for factors such as the unit’s competitive position, capital allocation and end market demand, thereby refocusing the conglomerate on core strengths.The company has witnessed top-level management changes recently, which has caused uncertainty among investors. GE is reportedly under pressure from activist investor Trian Partners to improve its performance by selling some assets and focusing on higher-margin units. In September 2017, GE announced sale of its Industrial Solutions business to ABB for $2.6 billion, presumably under such pressure. In fact, GE has identified more than $20 billion worth of assets, which it plans to divest over the next two years to unlock value. Although the street expects GE to cut dividend payout, the pain may be cushioned somewhat through such asset sales.In particular, post the 3Q17 results, GE pointed to the weak performance and the challenging end markets at its Transportation segment, where revenue slumped by 14% YOY and the corresponding operating profit eroded by 11% YOY. Further, the unit’s $2.5 billion contract with the Indian government to supply 1,000 diesel locomotives is in jeopardy, although deliveries on the contract have just started. India’s policymakers are reportedly intent on migrating entirely to electric locomotives in a bid to save fuel costs and lower the country’s carbon footprint. Globally, the rail manufacturing industry has witnessed significant consolidation activity over the last few years. In September 2017, Siemens AG and Alstom SA announced an agreement to merge their rail units to create a formidable rival to the threat of Chinese competition. Amidst the ongoing consolidation in the industry, we reckon GE may be tempted to jettison its troubled rail unit (either through a spin-off or an outright sale) as global competition heats up. We believe GE may be forced to abandon thoughts of an outright sale of the transportation unit, which could invite a huge tax bill due to the low cost basis, considering the company has held the unit for almost a century.Industry Dynamics and TrendsThe railroad industry is capital intensive in nature, with high barriers to entry for new players. The industry is cyclical and has been suffering lately from slack demand, resulting in lower revenue and margins. The industry leader globally is CRRC Corp, created through the merger between China North Railway (CNR) and China South Railway (CSR) in June 2015. Once completed, the recent merger announcement of the rail units of Siemens and Alstom would make the combined company the world’s second-largest player. Canada’s Bombardier will pull up to the third place, leaving GE’s rail unit facing stiff competition to fight for the fourth spot with Hitachi, Hyundai Rotem, Caterpillar and Stadler, among others.Global Railroad Players By RevenueThe increasing competition and end-market demand pressure in the capital-intensive industry has been driving players towards consolidation, enabling them to expand into new markets or strengthen their product portfolio. In November 2015, Hitachi got a key foothold in the European market with the purchase of 40% stake in Finmeccanica’s rail signalling equipment unit (Ansaldo STS) and the entire stake in the loss-making train-manufacturing unit (AnsaldoBreda).Railway Industry Consolidation in Recent YearsSynchrony Financial Carve-Out and Split-Off DetailsCarve-Out DetailsOn November 15, 2013, GE announced plans to carve-out its North America Retail Finance business, which was later named as Synchrony Financial (NYSE: SYF, $32.62, Market Capitalization $26 billion). On March 13, 2014, Synchrony Financial fi led a form S-1, followed by latest amendment on July 18, 2014, disclosing the price range of $23.00 to $26.00 per share. The final pricing was announced on July 30, 2014 to be $23.00, on the lower side of the price range. Subsequently, on July 31, 2014, Synchrony Financial commenced trading on the NYSE under the ticker SYF. The company offered 125 million common shares, representing ~15% ownership interest. On September 3, 2014, the company issued an additional 3.5 million shares to underwriters, raising~$2.8 billion of net proceeds. The IPO proceeds along with the New Bank Term Loan Facility and the New GECC Term Loan Facility were used to repay all the related party debt owed to GECC and its affiliates.Split-Off DetailsOn November 15, 2013, GE announced plans to exchange shares of its carve-out Synchrony Financial via a tax-free split-off. On October 19, 2015, GE announced the commencement of an exchange offer and Synchrony filed Form S-4 giving out details of the split-off. On November 13, 2015, the company announced the final exchange ratio of 1.0505, implying that GE shareholders got 1.0505 shares of SYF for each share of GE and the offer expired on November 16, 2015. The exchange offer was 3.2 times oversubscribed and according to the exchange agent, 2,143,371,163 GE shares were tendered; of which GE accepted 671,366,809 shares in exchange for 705,270,833 Synchrony shares (85% stake) that it owned. Synchrony Financial was included in the S&P 500 after the close of trading on November 17, 2015.Till date, Synchrony Financial has gained 45% since listing, beating S&P 500 Index by 12%, which grew 33% in the same period. Although Synchrony Financial had been clearly outperforming the Index since listing, the past few months have witnessed the company’s stock price moving largely in tandem with the Index. The stock was under severe pressure after 1Q17 results on higher-than-expected provisions for loan losses; however, strong results and news of Berkshire Hathaway picking a stake in the company propped up its share price.Price Performance