On 11/15/17, GE's CEO Flannery presented at UBS' Transportation & Industrials Conference 2017.Why not break up GE?Can power be part of the solution for GE insofar as it is so much a part of the problem?Be mindful of bottom fever.

After GE's (GE) bruising investor's day on 11/13/17, the big bosses made the rounds to assure their message was hitting home. CFO Jamie Miller took the podium the next day at Goldman Sachs Global Industrials Conference 2017. CEO Flannery assumed the position at UBS' Transportation and Industrials Conference a day later on 11/15/17.My initial reaction was cynical, ergo my snarky quote above. However, after listening to Flannery's heartfelt answers to careful, probing questions from the UBS moderator, I was less obdurate.Investors who have any ongoing interest in GE, whether the interest be morbid or financial, will do well to check these out, particularly Flannery's. While GE will likely be flotsam on the ebbs and flows of the market over the next year, I am coming to see CEO Flannery's vision as showing sound promise for GE's longer term prospects.At the outset, know that while this conference bears the word "Transportation" prominently in its title, Flannery's discussion was not at all focused on the transportation group at GE. Rather it was a wide ranging reprise of many of the subjects from 11/13/17.I consider the <50 minutes required to listen to Flannery's UBS exchange as a better investment of time than the longer 11/13/17 investor presentation. The moderator's questions were well considered and thorough. They offered excellent foils for Flannery's thoughtful responses.Investors who are considering a position in GE, whether it be new or existing, should catch this 11/15/17 webcast while it is still available on GE's website.In it Flannery gives an encore performance; I found it more supportive of GE's worth to its investors than was the earlier presentation. In this posting, I highlight key portions of the UBS conference.GE is at the stage where investors who are interested should stay informed. I am not convinced that isolated tells, such as insider buys, should overly impact our thinking at this stage. Rather, we must evaluate whether GE can truly both identify and correct the scourges that have so destroyed shareholder value.Savvy preachers know that in order to effectively fight the devil you must recognize his works. They are often cleverly masked. So it is with GE. CEO Flannery is tasked with both identifying and correcting the impediments which have cost GE so heavily for so long in terms of reputation, credit, and share price.Shareholders who wanted Flannery to concoct a plan in short order were unrealistic. What we got on 11/13/17, after 100 days on the job as CEO, was an opening night presentation of the bare bones plan. Since that date, Flannery has made the circuit to garner support.When asked for his biggest surprise in terms of response to his 11/13/17 presentation, Flannery mentioned the cavalier attitude many espoused around breaking up GE. He launched into a vigorous discussion of the synergies GE achieves from its scale. A larger operation permits amortization of new technologies against a greater income stream.Take digital and additive; these provide potential benefits across GE's corporate base. GE has been able to develop these to fit its healthcare, its aviation and its power franchises. No individual division could have born the cost itself.Now Flannery anticipates increasing digital sales and orders by 100% at a reduced spend from $1.5B to $1.1B. Such metrics are possible as GE is sharpening its focus to its installed base and only those portions of it where its digital efforts are most effective at the lowest cost. This gives GE higher win rates and larger deal size.Flannery emphasized that GE's commitment to digital is stronger than ever. However, going forward, GE will be able to get more from less as it has learned which approaches are most effective. Flannery acknowledged that GE is still learning as it is doing. Monetizing industrial digital is a work in progress for GE, much as more traditional digital companies are constantly working on more effective monetization.To this point, aviation and healthcare are both powerful businesses performing effectively. They can be improved no doubt, but their existing prospects are solid. At the current time, power is an eminently fixable (by Flannery's calculation - more on that below) work in progress.It has taken heavy expense, toil, and effort over long years to assemble these businesses to their current scope and scale. It would be wasteful to just chuck them out now that GE is in a rough patch.Instead, Flannery intends to discard any detritus that has hitched a ride to these businesses as they have been assembled. Now with rededicated focus and clarity, Flannery and his new executive team will operate these businesses to achieve their full potential.For aviation and healthcare, Flannery's task is easily manageable, on par with any effort to maximize the potential of successful businesses. For power, we are dealing with a different animal; it has proven that it is a full scale fixer-upper. Is it worth the effort? Flannery is convinced that it is.In order for the new GE to flourish, he must be proven correct in his estimation. In time, power must recover to become a full contributing member of GE's three legged stool. If it continues to flounder, so will GE.Flannery attributes much of power's issues to its work in building inventories to meet erroneous, overstated demand projections. Flannery estimates it will take at least a year to work through these inflated inventories.One of the biggest changes Flannery wants to inculcate into GE's culture is an environment of open debate. He clearly believes that failures such as those plaguing power would be unlikely in a culture that was free of taints from groupthink.Flannery never used the term "groupthink". However, the following definition of the term clearly describes the environment he seeks to banish from GE:Groupthink is a phenomenon that occurs when the desire for group consensus overrides people's common sense desire to present alternatives, critique a position, or express an unpopular opinion. Here, the desire for group cohesion effectively drives out good decision-making and problem solving.There can be little doubt that CEO Flannery has identified a potent source of problematic decision making. The question is, can it be smoothly rooted out and replaced with a culture of healthy debate?Flannery's arsenal to correct the issues plaguing power is not restricted to instilling a new more robust culture. Importantly, he has revamped leadership.He characterizes, Russell Stokes, power's new boss, as a no-nonsense leader who will challenge decisions to assure that they stand on solid merit. Stokes was a presenter on 11/13/17 and participated in responding to questions from analysts. One of the most critical points raised appears in the following exchange:...one of the things that I've been concerned about and I can't measure is just really what's happened on commercial terms in projects. Certainly, we have heard in the channel that there was slackness on acquiring deposits and giveaways on service and all kind of things to win orders. It's kind of non-priced price for lack of a better term. Have you been able to really kind of work through the backlog and get a sense of comfort and confidence about what's coming through the pipeline in that business?Basically, the questioner asks if power's long term service contracts suffer from the same type of defect that gave rise to inflated inventories. Stokes' response was both sobering and encouraging:We have taken a hard look at the way that services, I think there is a view around the service portfolio in terms of are we giving things away et cetera that contracts have a degree of productivity in them at times working with customers to look at how we restructured to ensure value for them. We may trade value but then we get long-term economics back as well and as I see short-term economics at times on things like AGPs [see cited brochure] and may be sort of the assets are continuing at their own. So, I feel pretty good about where we are but we are continuing to make sure that we put the right controls in place to make sure that we don't have issues going forward. There is a degree of complexity, obviously based on by country and financing requirements et cetera and we are working through all of that.It was sobering because it suggests that there has been suboptimal discipline on long term service contract terms. It was encouraging because GE has room to restructure these contracts for the benefit of both GE and its customers.Flannery also addressed rumors that he had picked up concerning power's H-class turbines. He was adamant on the point that they were operating "extremely well" in the field. There is no problem with the machines themselves, "full stop".He explained that there had been mistimed deliveries in connection with initial roll-out which had given rise to liquidated damages clause activation for delays. The problem had to do with accelerated time schedules in an effort to get flagship orders in place. As for the cost curve and future deliveries, these will be on planGE's stock has taken a terrific beating over the last year and particularly over the last few months. Its year to date chart points resolutely to the dreaded lower right quadrant as illustrated below:

GE data by YChartsJust in the last few days some are claiming to see a break in trend. Those who have been holding off until the very bottom are asking if that boat hasn't sailed.SA's news feed and comment streams are replete with insider buys and encouraging contracts. If you are an accomplished trader or an experienced investor who has lots of reserves, you should follow your nose. Others should tread lightly. GE's story has been playing out for a long time. It will take time to resolve.Investors who have been enjoying this year's run up in stock prices may find themselves with an excess of gains and few sources for offsetting losses. GE stands out in this latter respect for many investors. This should assure that there will be plenty of sellers into year's end.While we may be seeing a bottom here ~$17-18, it is equally, if not more likely that GE's story still has twists and turns, ups and downs to come. During his UBS close, Flannery reiterated that 2018 is a "reset trough year". By the way, for those who haven't noticed, 2018 has not started yet.Buying in advance of a rebuilding company's "reset trough year" does not seem like a strategy that should command much of one's investing firepower. All may go very well indeed. Such is my fondest hope.We know that one of GE's fabulously wealthy directors, James Tisch, made a huge bet on GE stock at an average price of $17.90. We assume that he believes that to be a good entry point. He knows more about GE than we ever will. Doesn't that say that $17.90 is a good enough entry point for us?They don't ring a bell at the bottom. GE's stint under $20 may be brief. However, the news flow over the next year, during which GE will be resetting itself, will likely contain both good and bad. I am concerned that piling in now will set GE up for more disappointment and ultimately still more share price pain.Flannery has told us that 2018 will be one of flux. I take the man at his word. While I am rooting for a full and complete GE recovery, I think it will take time.Disclosure: I am/we are long GE. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.Additional disclosure: I may buy or sell shares in GE over the next 72 hours.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.