Warren Buffett leads the way when it comes to value creation.GE has learned little from its past mistakes, as it has proved again recently.There is little value in its guidance for earnings per share (EPS) and other metrics.It is the time to get back to basics.In all of our communications, we try to make sure that no single shareholder gets an edge: We do not follow the usual practice of giving earnings "guidance" or other information of value to analysts or large shareholders. Our goal is to have all of our owners updated at the same time." -- A Message from Warren E. Buffett, Chairman and CEO (January 1999) Now, whether or not you are a fan of the most successful investor on this planet, I think we all agree Warren Buffett understands corporate and finance matters in a way that most of us don't. 

(Source: cartoonstock.com)In his words can be found a few key lessons concerning how value creation can be pursued, and I find it amazing that General Electric (NYSE: GE) managers continue to ignore the basics. In the comment section of my previous coverage, I argued that GE management would be wise if they told investors should not expect any guidance for EPS and sales for a year or so. Surely GE can do without my advice, but how about lesson one from Warren?  

(Source: Business Insider)The necessary premise here is that while GE in the past managed to beat adjusted EPS estimates for several quarters in a row until the third quarter of this year, there has always been little clarity in its numbers. And then, seriously, you know how the relationship with the "sell-side" works, don't you? Chief financial officers usually tell the analysts how their models should be adjusted to reflect corporate guidance, and then guidance itself cannot be changed unless a soft warning is issued. When that happens, analysts receive the warning well before the wider public.  Mr Buffett 's view on the topic has emerged frequently over the years, and was reinforced in a letter to Berkshire Hathaway's (BRK.A) (BRK.B) shareholders in 2015:Wall Street analysts often play their part in this charade, too, parroting the phony, compensation-ignoring ‘earnings’ figures fed them by managements.Maybe the offending analysts don’t know any better. Or maybe they fear losing 'access' to management. Or maybe they are cynical, telling themselves that since everyone else is playing the game, why shouldn’t they go along with it. Whatever their reasoning, these analysts are guilty of propagating misleading numbers that can deceive investors.The irony is that many GE investors are in for the long term, I am often reminded. But as Fortune wrote at the time this ailing conglomerate announced financial assets would be separated from industrial operations, "Buffett does not do things to buoy the stock in the short term (such as issue earnings guidance), because he seeks to encourage long-term ownership." 

(Source: cartoonstock.com)A few years after the 2008/2009 meltdown, the Harvard Law School Forum on Corporate Governance and Financial Regulation noted that "the decision whether to give guidance and how much guidance to give is an intensely individual one." There is no one-size-fits-all approach in this area. The only universal truths are (1) a public company should have a policy on guidance and (2) the policy should be the subject of careful thought." It raised valid points, adding: "We recommend that companies only give guidance on a metric that they feel comfortable they can accurately predict."  For years, GE has predicted a metric that could be very easily manipulated, and in future it isn't going to be much different, it seems. 

(Source: GE, Investor Day)"Companies can benefit from giving advance notice about earnings. But they need to be smart about it," The Wall Street Journal wrote a few years ago, while over a decade ago, Joe Mansueto, Morningstar's founder, reportedly noted "my job is to give investors everything they need to value the company, to make sure they're fully informed about the company, and I think we can do that without guidance."  Now, those in the bull camp point out that insiders are buying GE stock, with the latest purchase being a whopping $54m from board member James Tisch -- so far the cost for each 100 basis point in capital appreciation is $27m. But I guess this is a strategic, long-term investment, so let's move on to one of its key backers, Trian Fund Management.Ed Garden is a new board member, and he could make a difference, the bulls insist. “Like other GE shareholders, I am disappointed by the recent performance of GE’s stock,” Mr Garden recently said in a statement. “But I continue to believe that GE represents an attractive long-term investment opportunity with significant upside.”Heard of a long-term investment opportunity with GE before?Never mind.To paraphrase Mr Buffett, GE should focus on return on equity and return on invested capital rather than earnings per share, but GE will unlikely to that, because it might even have to raise new equity if things do not go according to plan. This is not priced into its shares, incidentally.If you recall market coverage at the time the departure of Jeff Immelt was announced, many observers thought a new leader would have helped it boost its valuation -- but that, in hindsight, was just wishful thinking. In this context, I'd love to listen to what Mr Buffett thinks of the current situation at GE -- people who know him well are aware the only person he would talk to is Becky of CNBC, and quite frankly I hope he'll soon be on record. By pure coincidence, Mr Buffett -- who held 10.6m shares of GE until earlier this year -- jumped ship at the end of June (when GE traded in the high-20s) soon after Mr Immelt resigned and just about a month before Mr Flannery got his feet under the table. In those days I argued the departure of the former boss did little to boost the investment case, which clearly has worsened since, and now managers estimate EPS of just over $1 in 2018, which is completely meaningless because EPS is not the right performance metric to look at.  While it is surely true that Mr Flannery is pulling out all the stops to right the ship, I think a bigger event is needed to change shareholders' fortunes, and so in my wildest dreams I can picture Berkshire's interest in GE or some of its parts if the stock of the latter falls below $11.5 a share, which is fair value in my worst-case scenario. That would equate approximately to the value of its most liquid assets, yielding a market cap of about $100bn, or about one-fourth of Berkshire's market value. Of course, it's too early to speculate on such an outcome, and that is one of the reasons why I would surely continue to look elsewhere for value -- click here and here -- if I were invested in GE.  Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.