Are there catalysts to drive the shares higher?Are hidden concerns lurking nearby?Is now the time to buy, sell or hold?When all is said and done, the real cause of the sell-off in General Electric's (GE) shares is a lack of sufficient free cash flow. GE's FCF has deteriorated for six consecutive years.In the last 12 months, GE's FCF has been negative $2 billion!

Source: ForbesTherein lies the impetus for the dividend cut. In 2018, despite having halved the payout, GE is expected to expend 60% to 70% of FCF to fund the dividend.Of course, GE's third-quarter results were dismal, missing analyst forecasts by 40%. Operating profits in the energy business sank 50%, oil and gas profits were down 35%, and transportation operating profits dropped 11%. Even with other segments performing reasonably well, the industrial segment's profits, in large part due to shrinking margins, suffered a 10% drop.In spite of, or perhaps due to, the company's gargantuan presence, GE is barely profitable. Unfortunately, compressed margins and depressed sales are not the only headwinds faced by GE's management team.If you've been following GE, then you probably consider this "old news." However, I'm going to guess you might not know the real magnitude of GE's pension funding shortfall.GE's pension deficiency is the largest of any S&P 500 company and is 50% greater than any corporation in the United States.

As New Year's Eve dawned, GE had $94 billion in obligations and a shortfall of $31 billion. That translates to a funding ratio of 67%. GE must pay $47 billion in pension benefits to its retired employees and their beneficiaries over the next 10 years.The company plans to borrow $6 billion to fund the pension plan through 2018, 2019 and 2020, but that's kicking the can down the road, so to speak.In essence, the lack of pension funding should be considered as the equivalent of corporate debt. With the slashed dividend requiring a minimum of 60% of the company's projected 2018 FCF, the planned divestiture of entire business segments likely leading to lower revenues, and the largest segment (Power) facing poor prospects, it is reasonable for investors to view the underfunded pensions as a long-term headwind.Japanese property and business owners filed a $500 million class-action lawsuit against General Electric for the company's alleged part in the Fukushima nuclear reactor disaster.I've conducted a cursory study of the pros and cons of the case, and it seems to me (I am not a lawyer) that both sides have reasonable arguments. Of importance is that the Fukushima incident, with losses estimated at $200 billion, stands as the most costly industrial accident in history. Consequently, it is logical to assume that GE could suffer significant monetary damages, above those presented in this case.GE's CEO announced plans to restructure the company through a series of divestitures. GE said it would exit its lighting, transportation, industrial solutions and electrical grid businesses. While most would agree that GE is too complex and that certain segments are marginally profitable and lack synergies, a revitalization through the sale of varying operations may prove inadequate.While the Transportation segment has been targeted for divestiture, it is important to consider that a spin-off may be more likely than a sale of the assets due to tax considerations. While spin-offs may rid GE of lackluster enterprises, it will not result in coins dropping into the company's coffers.Furthermore, talk of the sale of the recent Baker Hughes acquisition is problematic. Through the middle of 2019, GE is required to receive the approval of the sub-company before taking action.Additionally, analysts' sum-of-the-parts (SOTP) estimates for GE range from a high of $20 per share (JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Steve Tusa) to analyst Gautam Khanna's SOTP estimate of $11 to $15 per share.As I find Khanna's observations instructive, I include an excerpt from his note:"In recent weeks, investors have asked us about GE's SOTP and whether an outright break-up makes economic sense. We calculate a SOTP value for GE of $11-15 (assumes ~$2.70/share for BHGE and a perhaps generous $2.41/share for Capital) under various scenarios, after considering potential dis-synergies from tax leakage, shared services (GE store, procurement, etc.) and legal, banking and refi costs which could be substantial. A major difference in our analysis vs. GE bulls who argue for SOTP upside is that we penalize GE's enterprise value for debt-like items (underfunded pension; GE Capital's net debt) that would be ascribed to assets if sold. Thus, we see no economic argument for a full-scale break-up of the company, and thus, no quick fix for the stock. The turnaround will take time, and as we pointed out in a recent note, the eventual FCF/share recovery will be to a lower level than commonly perceived."It is logical for investors to assume that between the likelihood of spin-offs occurring rather than the sale of some operations, a lack of suitable suitors for targeted divestitures and the possibility that the amputation of certain businesses may lead to loss of revenues, that divestitures are unlikely to be a panacea for GE's problems.Unfortunately, venturing into the company's debt profile is akin to walking through a minefield. While I am a reasonably seasoned and astute investor, I readily admit that the nuances of GE's debt are beyond my abilities. This is in large part due to the financial arm of GE.The company's debt load is a tad over $136 billion. There are those that would argue that sum is overstated due to the portion of debt attributed to GE Finance. After all, a financial wing needs money to make money, right? The industrial side of GE has a much more palatable debt totaling roughly $20 billion.Herein lies a problem, at least for the average investor. How does one assess the somewhat opaque nature of GE's debt?Perhaps a reasonable means to judge a company's finances is to simply turn to the credit rating agencies. If so, then you might want to be advised that Moody's Investor Service recently cut GE's long-term debt rating from A1 to A2.While a cut in a company's debt rating is never welcomed, A2 is still investment grade.At this point in time, I do not view GE's debt as a major headwind, although some SA authors have contrary opinions. My primary concern is the rather cryptic nature of the debt held in GE's financial arm.Unfortunately, the debt load is one of the least of my concerns when I consider investing in GE. GE Capital is a problem, and it may be a big problem. For the foreseeable future, GE Capital will cease forwarding dividends to the parent company. That seems somewhat innocuous on the surface, however, there may be more to this than meets the eye.GE has billions of dollars of obligations from reinsurance agreements with other insurers. To smooth the divestiture of certain assets, GE took on a portion of those carriers' responsibilities for paying claims. The concern is that GE may have an obligation to provide reserves and future payments to insurers that sold long-term care policies.During October's conference call, a GE executive stated actuaries are examining GE's long-term care reserves in "a very complex exercise" to determine if the company is deficient.Research firm Evercore ISI stated an analysis of GE's regulatory findings indicates the company may have "a deficiency of 20% or more." If that assessment is accurate, the charge would equal at least $2.5 billion. Evercore also stated that GE's regulatory filings with state insurance departments indicated claims were far higher than GE had expected.Anyone familiar with the recent travails associated with the long-term care insurance industry has to wonder if this is but the tip of the iceberg.According to research conducted by Cowen & Company, the LEAP aircraft engine program won't break even until 2019. The LEAP engines are manufactured by CFM, a joint venture between Safran (OTCPK:SAFRY) and GE. According to Cowen, airlines pay a mere 30% of the list price for single-aisle aircraft engines. Consequently, a $13 million engine sells for approximately $3.7 million. CFM and other manufacturers accept this markdown in order to obtain lucrative long-term maintenance contracts.

(Source: Created by KER Research with data from FactSet)The power segment is the largest revenue producer in GE's portfolio, and it is facing significant headwinds. This is an industry wide problem, although GE seems to be suffering more so than others.Both GE and Siemens (OTCPK:SIEGY) executives forecast difficult times ahead. A GE spokesman described a competitive market marked by overcapacity. Siemens CFO Ralf Thomas noted that "the fight for every single order is really fierce, and we see continued price pressure due to overcapacities." He also foresaw current market conditions extending well into the next fiscal year.

Profit for GE Power is expected to fall by another 25% in 2018.CFM International is a joint venture between GE Aviation and Safran Group. The companies produce LEAP aircraft engines.By 2020, CFM is projected to produce more than 2,000 LEAP engines per year. LEAP engines are 15% more fuel efficient than their predecessors. Since fuel costs represent 20% of airlines' expenses, the technology represented by LEAP engines sells itself. The LEAP engine backlog exceeds 12,200 and at list price is valued at more than US $170 billion.At the Paris Air Show, GE garnered $30 billion in new contracts, a sum 10 times that of the nearest competitor.Furthermore, air travel is projected to increase markedly in coming years, serving as a (no pun intended) strong tailwind for GE Aviation.According to the International Air Transport Association, airline traffic is projected to nearly double from 2016 to 2035, with 7.2 billion passengers versus the current estimate of 3.8 billion in 2016. The prediction is based on a 3.7% CAGR as noted the association's 20-Year Air Passenger Forecast.The estimates provide three scenarios, depending on trade policies and economic forecasts.

Source: IATAThe current administration's defense policies are also seen as a positive for GE Aviation, as 90% of GE's sales of military products and services are through GE's Aviation business.The aviation segment posted a profit of $4.86 billion, up 11% year over year. GE projects aviation's operating profit to grow by 7% to 10% in 2018.

Source: US Department of DefenseWhile consisting of a relatively small slice of the giant pie that is GE, the GE Renewable Energy business witnessed strong growth in 2017.GE Renewable Energy booked a strong quarter with $3 billion in orders and double the growth in its international onshore wind orders. Growth in this business could bode well for GE's future.

(Source: GE)Nearly three-fourths of GE's sales and 85% of its earnings come from businesses that dominate their markets.Aviation, healthcare, and power segments will increasingly be the primary focus for GE. These businesses boast market leadership positions, retain strong customer relationships, and provide long-term revenue streams via sales from aftermarket services.GE manufactures and designs complex and differentiated products including wind turbines, aircraft engines, and medical equipment requiring a vast array of technology.Switching costs for these products and GE's enormous installed base of industrial equipment serve as a significant moat for GE. The company's global footprint enables GE to source materials and services for internal use at scale, thereby creating a significant barrier to those attempting to encroach on GE's current customer base.The potential for GE to dominate competitors in certain capital and knowledge intensive industries should not be underestimated.I generally don't provide fair value targets in my articles, but I will make an exception. The reason I eschew FV estimates is that invariably someone contends the methodology can be tweaked in one way or another, requiring a long and contentious exposition as to why certain metrics were inserted in a given formula.Instead, if pressed on the matter, I quote the lesser of the three estimates provided by my differing broker services.Why the lesser? Because I will always prefer the more conservative estimate.I include the FV in this piece because I consider it instructive:So three professional analysts have a variance of nearly $8 a share, a 44% difference.My goal isn't to beat up on Ms. Noverini or any other analyst. My intent is to display the futility of attempting to provide a precise number for FV. Early in my investing life, I placed great emphasis on analysts' estimates of fair value, much to my regret.You, my friend, must make an estimate of GE's FV, not through mere numbers, but by weighing both metrics and (oftentimes, more importantly) the stock's story.With the recent dividend cut, GE uses 60 to 70 percent of FCF for the payout. It is reasonable to assume management would only cut the dividend again under dire circumstances. It is also logical to assume GE will not increase the dividend substantially for the foreseeable future.The CEO is serving notice that a new sheriff is in town by grounding the company's corporate jet fleet and selling the planes, terminating a company-car program for hundreds of executives and cutting 25 percent of corporate staff (1,500 hundred positions) worldwide. In August, in an effort to save money, GE announced that it would delay construction of part of its headquarters.GE also plans to cut its board to 12 from 18 members, and bring on three new directors early next year.Compensation for board members will transition to a more shareholder-friendly model.While I welcome the changes, the doubts concerning the efficacy of the CEO and higher management is and will remain an open question.In my last article, GE: Buy, Sell Or Hold? Research Regarding Outcomes Of Dividend Reductions, I dissected a large body of academic research regarding the consequences of dividend cuts.I caution readers that the research points to the most likely outcomes and that each company's results are likely to vary to some degree from the average. The article provided these insights:My reticence to invest at current levels is in part due to a series of "what if" questions.What if:I believe my queries are sensible considering GE has lost a degree of flexibility due to the negatives listed in this article.I also asked myself what are the catalysts for a future price increase?Even if GE's efforts are successful, it is difficult for a company this size to experience substantial growth.According to every source available, including the pronouncements of company spokesmen as well as GE's CEO, the turnaround is expected to be rather ponderous, lasting for several years. The divestitures alone are currently projected to unwind over a two year time span.Most importantly to me is that I am unable to evaluate GE's current management team. The CEO, John Flannery, has a background in finance, yet he is leading a technologically driven company. He is a GE insider. Is he capable of changing the GE culture?GE has a new CFO in Jamie Miller. Will she excel or fail in her position?Russell Stokes has served as the president and CEO of GE Power since June of 2017. During that time, the Power segment has not performed well, although, in his defense, many of that business' problems are caused by secular headwinds.GE is set to reduce the number of board members from 18 to 12. Nine veterans will exit the board while three newcomers will take seats. How can investors evaluate the leadership qualities, individually or collectively, of the corporation's executives? Arguably, the most important aspect of an investment in a company undergoing a major restructuring program is the capabilities of corporate leadership.In summation, there are no catalysts for immediate growth. There is no reason to believe that a significant increase in the dividend will occur in the foreseeable future. There are possibilities of additional headwinds developing in the near term. The restructuring efforts will take time to provide results. Projected FCF remaining after the dividend is funded is thin. The underfunding of the pension is a long-term headwind, and there is a possibility that the issues in GE Capital related to the funding obligations for long-term insurance policies could prove onerous. Perhaps most importantly, there are questions concerning company leadership; therefore, it is reasonable to assume that a better entry point may be available within the next few months and/or that GE may be a dead money investment for the foreseeable future.While I believe investors entering at this level will likely experience positive gains over an extended time period, I concluded patience may result in better long-term returns. I concede that I may miss a fraction of the potential upside. In weighing all pros and cons, I concluded that I should assume a position of watchful waiting.On 11/16/2017, I sold puts on GE with an expiry of March 15th and a target price of $15. I do not anticipate owning GE shares via these puts. My goal was simply to gain a small profit by taking advantage of GE's current situation.Should I add the shares through the exercise of the puts, I will be content; however, I will not be "backing up the truck" at that price, or at least not at that price and date. With a projected EPS of a bit over $1.00 a share, I view $15 as a reasonable entry level; however, I don't consider the shares a bargain at that price.It is my goal to continue to provide free access to my investing ideas. Consequently, I ask that you click the "Follow button" just below the article title. Your support will help me provide SA members with free content. In return, I will always endeavor to share the best investment theses I can muster. You have my solemn vow that you will never read "click bait" articles, nor will I write repeated articles on the same topic without providing new insights.Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.Additional disclosure: Please conduct appropriate due diligence before making any investment. This article is not a recommendation to buy or sell any stock.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.