Altria’s recent entry into the e-vapor industry has been wildly successful, a fact that is overshadowed by investor’s fears of increased tobacco regulation.Stake in Anheuser-Busch could prove lucrative after BUD’s multimillion-dollar bet on craft brewing.E-Vapor usage is expected to go up, and cigarette usage is expected to go down, leaving Altria in a comfortable position for long-term growth.Altria has continued its tradition of increasing its dividends year over year.By Andrew Kennedy, Mark Hohertz and David Dacus.

Source: Our predictionsTo put things succinctly, the cigarette industry is in a tough state. From 2012-2016, cigarette retail volume has taken a sharp plunge despite an increase in retail value. This disparity is in large part due to the passing of both administrative and statutory regulations on the sale, advertisement, and taxing of tobacco products.Most notable of these regulations being the 2009 Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act. According to pending regulations on the FDA’s Federal Register, new regulations by the agency on smokeable and smokeless tobacco products are only expected to increase both in number and severity. We believe this impending threat has led many investors to undervalue MO, as well as other tobacco-product stocks.With growth in the cigarette and tobacco manufacturing industries set to decline at around 0.6% annually for the next 5 years (according the IBISworld), Altria has begun to initiate positions in industries which are growing quickly and have little threat of facing the same stagnation as the tobacco industry. Altria is already starting to move away from cigarette production and focus more on non-tobacco products such as e-cigarettes in order to offset the declining sales felt by the cigarette industry.In addition, they have strengthened their positions in non-cigarette tobacco products, such as heated tobacco and smokeless tobacco products. Evidence of this shift can be seen in Altria’s growing success with Copenhagen Smokeless Tobacco and Skoal Smokeless Tobacco, the company’s two flagship smokeless tobacco subsidiaries. Since 2009, the two subsidiaries’ combined retail share has grown steadily every year, and in 2016, they saw their highest combined share yet, at 52.2%.While it is best known for its cigarette-producing subsidiaries like Philip Morris USA and Marlboro USA, Altria has been dominating the electronic cigarette industry at an increasing rate. According to Altria’s Investor Relations page, the company’s e-vapor division - Nu Mark- currently constitutes 55% of the sales volume of the electronic cigarette vapor market.In addition, Altria has been rapidly acquiring e-vaping companies as subsidiaries. In 2014, Altria purchased Green Smoke for $130 million, and in early November of this year, they made a minority investment in Avail Vapor LLC, a chain of e-vapor shops.E-Cigarettes currently have an operating profit pool of $3 billion. In 2016, this was just under $2 billion and in 2015, it was under $1 billion. By 2023, the operating profit pool is projected by Wells Fargo Securities LLC estimates to hit $16 billion. Meanwhile, the operating profit pool for traditional cigarettes is expected to drop from $13 billion in 2017 to just over $8 billion in 2023.Growing evidence supports the idea that e-cigarettes are safer, and thus will face significantly less FDA regulation than cigarettes. This gives e-vapor companies the latitude to market them as safer alternatives to regular cigarettes. In fact, the CDC stated that 7 out of 10 middle school and high school-aged students have seen advertisements for e-vapor products either on print, radio, or any other medium.Electronic cigarette usage will go up relative to traditional tobacco product sales in the future; about 10 percent of U.S. adults now use electronic cigarettes, according to the online Reuters/Ipsos poll of 5,679 Americans conducted between May 19 and June 4. That’s almost four times higher than a U.S. government estimate that 2.6 percent of adults used e-cigarettes in 2013.On October 16th, 2016, SABMiller was acquired by Anheuser-Busch, which led to Altria’s shares of SABMiller converting to shares of Anheuser-Busch. Anheuser-Busch has committed itself to a $2 billion investment in American breweries, with much allocated to product innovation and acquisition of smaller craft breweries. This positions Anheuser-Busch more favorably in the stagnant domestic beer market, since craft beer sales still grew 6.2% in 2016. After December 2016, the market value of Altria’s 10.2% ownership of Anheuser-Busch was around $21 billion.Anheuser-Busch has a 20.8% market share in the worldwide beer market. Domestically, it has even more dominance with around a 45% market share of U.S. beer sales. Being such a giant amongst smaller craft breweries gives Anheuser-Busch the advantages of economies of scale, yet it can still give off the craft-brewed image to consumers. With over 10 craft brewery acquisitions since 2011, many of the labels customers reach for are now owned by Anheuser-Busch.In our bull case, we speculate that a combination of the vaping industry continuing to grow at a steady rate, Anheuser-Busch performing well in the future, and Altria’s moderate divestiture from cigarettes towards other products such as smokeless tobacco and e-cigarettes will lead to a long term growth rate of approximately 1.7% for the tobacco conglomerate.Despite the slight expected decline of traditional cigarette sales and Altria’s large position in the cigarette market, we believe that the new investments that they are making into beer, vaping, and a variety of other tobacco products will provide them with enough cash to offset the negatives from the decline in cigarette sales.

Source: Bloomberg, our own predictions.

Source: Bloomberg, our own predictions.Being dragged down by the gloomy future of the cigarette industry, Altria’s long-term growth will not be able to surpass an average of 1% per year. The increase in the rate of growth from the investments into vaping, smokeless tobacco, and beer will not be able to overcome the rapid decline in the cigarette sales that make up a majority of their revenue. In addition, it remains possible that the FDA may pass harsher regulations on e-vapor products, which would make it more difficult for Altria to market its line of products.

Source: Bloomberg, our own predictions.

Source: Bloomberg, our own predictions.With the cigarette industry facing declining growth in the future, big tobacco companies can no longer be sustained by the sale of traditional cigarettes. Altria is embracing this change by making numerous large scale investments into the e-cigarette industry, as well as increasing spending in their heated tobacco segment. We believe that these investments outside of traditional tobacco products are putting Altria in a position of continuing growth, even as its primary source of revenue dwindles away.Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.