Altria Group, Inc. (MO) added 2.04% to reach $66.4 in the previous trading session. Overall, 9.63 Million shares exchanged hands versus its average trading volume of 6.91 Million shares. The relative volume of the stock is 1.39, while its market cap is $126.72 Billion.Relative Strength IndexThe Relative Strength Index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, is a momentum oscillator that calculates the speed and change of price movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Usually the RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when less than 30.Relative strength index (RSI-14) for Altria Group, Inc. (MO) is at 60.47.Price TargetA price target is the projected price level of a financial security stated by an investment analyst. It represents a security’s price that, if achieved, results in a trader recognizing the best possible outcome for his investment. This is the price at which the trader or investor wants to exit his existing position so he can realize the most reward.Basically, a price target is an individual analyst’s projection on the future price of a stock. There is no concrete way to calculate a price target. Different analysts and financial institutions use various valuation methods and consider different economic forces when deciding on a price target.Altria Group, Inc. (MO) has been given an average price target of $71.46 from analysts, according to data collected by Finviz.Earnings ForecastEarnings per share (EPS) is the portion of a company’s profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Earnings per share serves as an indicator of a company’s profitability. Consensus earnings estimates are far from perfect, but they are watched by many investors and play an important role in measuring the appropriate valuation for a stock. Investors measure stock performance on the basis of a company’s earnings power. To make a proper assessment, investors seek a sound estimate of this year’s and next year’s earnings per share (EPS), as well as a strong sense of how much the company will earn even farther down the road.Maximum and minimum EPS estimate for the current quarter is projected at $0.82 and $0.79, respectively, according to 10 analysts. Comparatively, Altria Group, Inc. posted earnings of $0.8 per share in the same quarter last year.The company is expected to report earnings of $0.8 a share for the next quarter.Revenue EstimateRevenue is the amount of money that a company actually receives during a specific period, including discounts and deductions for returned merchandise. It is the “top line” or “gross income” figure from which costs are subtracted to determine net income.Altria Group, Inc. (MO) is expected to post revenue of $4.83 Billion in the current quarter, according to consensus of 8 analysts. The high and low revenue estimates for the current quarter are $4.91 Billion and $4.7 Billion, respectively. The company reported revenue of $4.91 Billion in the same period last year.Moving AveragesA moving average (MA) is a trend-following or lagging indicator because it is based on past prices. The average is taken over a specific period of time, like 10 days, 20 minutes, 30 weeks, or any time period the trader chooses. There are advantages to using a moving average in your trading, as well options on what type of moving average to use. Moving average strategies are also popular and can be tailored to any time frame, suiting both long term investors and short-term traders.A moving average can help cut down the amount of “noise” on a price chart. Look at the direction of the moving average to get a basic idea of which way the price is moving. Angled up and price is moving up (or was recently) overall, angled down and price is moving down overall, moving sideways and the price is likely in a range.Altria Group, Inc. (MO)’s distance from 200 day simple moving average is -4.62 percent, its distance from 50 day simple moving average is 3.2 percent, while its distance from 20 day simple moving average is 2.21 percent.VolatilityVolatility is a statistical measure of the dispersion of returns for a given security or market index. Volatility can either be measured by using the standard deviation or variance between returns from that same security or market index.When we see the company’s Volatility, it currently has a monthly volatility of 1.45% and weekly volatility of 1.33%.Analysts RecommendationIn order to reach an opinion and communicate the value and volatility of a covered security, analysts research public financial statements, listen in on conference calls and talk to managers and the customers of a company, typically in an attempt to capture the findings for a research report. Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides whether their stock is a “buy,” sell” or hold.”Altria Group, Inc. (MO) has an Analysts’ Mean Recommendation of 2.1, according to data compiled by Finviz. The recommendation scale measures the value from 1 to 5, where 1 means ‘’Buy’’ and 5 stands for ”Sell”. Altria Group, Inc. was covered by a number of analysts recently, 5 rated the stock as Buy, 3 rated Outperform, 7 rated Hold, 0 gave an Underperform and 0 rated sell.Historical TrendsA trend analysis is a method of analysis that allows traders to predict what will happen with a stock in the future. Trend analysis is based on historical data about the stock’s performance given the overall trends of the market and particular indicators within the market.Altria Group, Inc. shares increased 0.87 percent over the past week and rose 2.28 percent over the previous month. The stock climbed 4.06 percent over the past quarter, while declined -11.98 percent over the past six months.