https://www.wsj.com/articles/electronic-arts-can-come-back-from-the-dark-side-1511346600In “Star Wars,” even Darth Vader ultimately found redemption. That bodes well for 





            Electronic Arts
,

        EA -3.64%


       which has spent the last few days in Wall Street’s torture chamber. The videogame maker’s shares have lost more than 3% since its decision last week to pull in-game microtransactions from “Star Wars Battlefront II” in response to an outcry from early players. The game is one of EA’s biggest releases for the year and represents the company’s entry in the competitive “shooter” category this holiday season, where it will face stiff competition from 





            Activision Blizzard
’s

       “Call of Duty,” among others.Such in-game sales would comprise only a portion of the revenue EA expects to realize from the title, but today’s biggest videogames are expected to establish a long tail of recurring digital revenue beyond their upfront price tags. EA made a rather bold bet on this year’s “Star Wars” offering, electing to forgo the sale of digital expansion packs in the hopes of producing a larger revenue stream through in-game items.
The company’s decision puts that long-term potential at risk, though it is always possible that EA can come up with new microtransaction offerings that are more palatable. Such a system has worked to great effect in the company’s Ultimate Team mode for its popular sports games such as “Madden NFL” and “FIFA,” where players can buy things like virtual playing cards. The company says Ultimate Team generated about $800 million in revenue last year.It is also worth noting that the $1.1 billion in market value that EA has shed since last week’s decision far exceeds what any analyst was expecting in revenue contributions from Battlefront II’s in-game sales. A recent survey by 





            Morgan Stanley
            

       also found that gamers in general are growing less interested in microtransactions as opposed to downloadable expansion content, a feature EA has used effectively in games such as “Battlefield.”Even with the loss of “Battlefront II’s” microtransaction business, Wall Street has maintained its outlook for EA’s Live Services segment, which includes both expansion content and in-game sales. That segment is expected to grow at a double-digit rate at least through next year—something EA can manage without any Jedi mind tricks. Write to Dan Gallagher at dan.gallagher@wsj.com Loss of ‘Star Wars Battlefront II’ microtransactions is manageable in light of strong digital growth overall An error has occurred, please try again later.Thank youThis article has been sent to
Subscribe NowSign In
WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMore