
Leading Development Studio Brings Top Talent & Award-Winning Titanfall 
      IP to EA’s Portfolio
REDWOOD CITY, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ: EA) announced today an agreement to 
      acquire Respawn Entertainment, LLC, a leading independent game 
      development studio and creators of AAA shooter and action games 
      including the critically-acclaimed Titanfall™ franchise. Respawn 
      brings to EA the proven leadership and studio talent behind Titanfall and 
      Titanfall 2, two of the most highly-rated shooter titles in the 
      last five years. The acquisition builds on a successful publishing 
      partnership between Respawn and EA, with multiple projects currently in 
      development – a new title in the Titanfall franchise, a game set 
      in the Star Wars™ universe and a VR gaming experience.
    
      “We’ve seen firsthand the world-class caliber of Respawn as a 
      development studio with incredible vision, deep talent and an inspiring 
      creative mindset,” said Andrew Wilson, CEO of Electronic Arts. “Our 
      longtime partnership is grounded in a shared desire to push the 
      boundaries and deliver extraordinary and innovative new experiences for 
      players around the world. Together, we’ve brought this to life in the Titanfall 
      franchise, and now with the Respawn team joining EA, we have exciting 
      plans to accomplish even more amazing things in the future.”
    
      “We started Respawn with the goal to create a studio with some of the 
      best talent in the industry, and to be a top developer of innovative 
      games,” said Vince Zampella, CEO of Respawn Entertainment. “We felt that 
      now was the time to join an industry leader that brings the resources 
      and support we need for long term success, while still keeping our 
      culture and creative freedom. EA has been a great partner over the years 
      with Titanfall and Titanfall 2, and we’re excited to 
      combine our strengths. This is a great next step for Respawn, EA, and 
      our players.”
    
      Respawn is the creator and developer of the critically-acclaimed Titanfall 
      franchise that energized the first-person shooter genre with its 
      innovative gameplay. The first game, Titanfall, was published by 
      EA in 2014, and received global recognition with more than 75 top 
      awards. Fans and critics fell in love with the game’s refreshing, 
      fast-paced multiplayer gameplay. Respawn and EA launched Titanfall 2 in 
      late 2016, with a new single-player campaign and expanded multiplayer 
      gameplay, resulting in one of the year’s top-rated shooters.
    
      Respawn will join EA’s Worldwide Studios organization, a global creative 
      collective of leading game development studios bringing to life an 
      unmatched portfolio of top games and services across all major platforms.
    
      Under the agreement, EA will pay $151 million in cash, and up to $164 
      million in long-term equity in the form of restricted stock units to 
      employees, which will vest over four years. In addition, EA may be 
      required to pay additional variable cash consideration that is 
      contingent upon achievement of certain performance milestones, relating 
      to the development of future titles, through the end of calendar 2022. 
      The additional consideration is limited to a maximum of $140 million. 
      The transaction is expected to close by the end of the calendar 2017 or 
      soon thereafter, subject to regulatory approvals and other customary 
      closing conditions. The acquisition is expected to be neutral to EA’s 
      net income in fiscal years 2018 and 2019.
    
About Electronic Arts

      Electronic Arts (NASDAQ: EA) is a global leader in digital interactive 
      entertainment. The Company develops and delivers games, content and 
      online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and 
      personal computers. EA has more than 300 million registered players 
      around the world.
    
      In fiscal year 2017, EA posted GAAP net revenue of $4.8 billion. 
      Headquartered in Redwood City, California, EA is recognized for a 
      portfolio of critically acclaimed, high-quality brands such as The 
      Sims™, Madden NFL, EA SPORTS™ FIFA, Battlefield™, Need for Speed™, 
      Dragon Age™ and Plants vs. Zombies™. More information about EA is 
      available at www.ea.com/news.
    
      EA SPORTS, Battlefield, The Sims, Need for Speed, Dragon Age, and Plants 
      vs. Zombies are trademarks of Electronic Arts Inc. NBA, John Madden, NFL 
      and FIFA are the property of their respective owners and used with 
      permission. Titanfall is a trademark of Respawn Entertainment, LLC. STAR 
      WARS © & TM 2017 Lucasfilm Ltd. All rights reserved.
    
About Respawn Entertainment

      Founded in 2010, Respawn Entertainment is an independent videogame 
      development studio based in Los Angeles, California. Founded by the team 
      behind the multi-billion dollar franchise Call of Duty, Respawn 
      is responsible for creating the Titanfall franchise reaching 
      nearly 20 million players worldwide. More information about Respawn is 
      available at www.respawn.com.
    

      Electronic ArtsJohn ReseburgCorporate Communications650-628-3601JReseburg@ea.comorChris 
      EvendenInvestor Relations650-628-0255cevenden@ea.comorRespawn 
      EntertainmentJay FrechetteCommunity Manager818-960-4400jay@respawn.com

      Electronic ArtsJohn ReseburgCorporate Communications650-628-3601JReseburg@ea.comorChris 
      EvendenInvestor Relations650-628-0255cevenden@ea.comorRespawn 
      EntertainmentJay FrechetteCommunity Manager818-960-4400jay@respawn.com
