REDWOOD CITY, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ: EA) today announced that Heidi Ueberroth 
      has been appointed to EA’s Board of Directors effective November 7, 2017.
    
      Heidi Ueberroth is the President of Globicon, a private investment and 
      advisory firm focused on media, sports, entertainment and hospitality 
      industries. Prior to Globicon, Heidi spent nearly 20 years at the 
      National Basketball Association in a number of senior positions, most 
      recently as President, NBA International, where she was instrumental in 
      the global expansion of the NBA’s brand and businesses. She oversaw the 
      NBA's international business functions across television and digital 
      media, marketing partnerships, consumer products, events, marketing 
      communications, and new business initiatives. Prior to joining the NBA, 
      she worked at ESPN and Ohlmeyer Communications Company. She serves on 
      the Board of Directors of Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts, the Pebble 
      Beach Company and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. She 
      is also a director on several non-profit boards.
    
      “At Electronic Arts, we continue to expand our global reach with our 
      network, esports competitions and growing ecosystems of content engaging 
      more players and driving new opportunities with partners, sponsors and 
      media,” said Andrew Wilson, CEO of EA. “Heidi Ueberroth brings extensive 
      executive experience across sports branding, entertainment and 
      international growth. We look forward to her unique perspective and 
      leadership on our Board of Directors.”
    
      “EA is a leader and pioneer in interactive entertainment,” said Heidi 
      Ueberroth. “I look forward to working with EA’s board and management 
      during this exciting period of continued growth, transformation and 
      international expansion.”
    
      Heidi is a graduate of Vanderbilt University and serves on its Arts and 
      Science Board of Visitors. She lives in San Francisco, California.
    
About Electronic Arts

      Electronic Arts (NASDAQ: EA) is a global leader in digital interactive 
      entertainment. The Company develops and delivers games, content and 
      online services for Internet-connected consoles, mobile devices and 
      personal computers. EA has more than 300 million registered players 
      around the world.
    
      In fiscal year 2017, EA posted GAAP net revenue of $4.8 billion. 
      Headquartered in Redwood City, California, EA is recognized for a 
      portfolio of critically acclaimed, high-quality brands such as The 
      Sims™, Madden NFL, EA SPORTS™ FIFA, Battlefield™, Need for Speed™, 
      Dragon Age™ and Plants vs. Zombies™. More information about EA is 
      available at www.ea.com/news.
    
      Ultimate Team, EA SPORTS, Battlefield, Battlefield 1, The Sims, Need for 
      Speed, Dragon Age, and Plants vs. Zombies are trademarks of Electronic 
      Arts Inc. NBA, John Madden, NFL and FIFA are the property of their 
      respective owners and used with permission.
    
      Electronic ArtsJohn Reseburg, 650-628-3601Corporate 
      CommunicationsJReseburg@ea.comChris 
      Evenden, 650-628-0255Investor Relationscevenden@ea.com

      Electronic ArtsJohn Reseburg, 650-628-3601Corporate 
      CommunicationsJReseburg@ea.comChris 
      Evenden, 650-628-0255Investor Relationscevenden@ea.com
