Published: Oct 12, 2017 6:09 p.m. ETCitigroup is only U.S. bank on listByThe International Monetary Fund on Wednesday said nine of the world’s biggest financial institutions may find it hard to thrive in the new global economy and deserve heightened attention from regulators.In its latest report on global financial market stability, the IMF listed nine banks: Citigroup 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    C, +0.61%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         Société Générale 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    GLE, -1.36%
SCGLY, -0.74%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         UniCredit Group 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    UCG, -0.82%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         Deutsche Bank 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    DB, -0.74%
DBK, -1.31%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         Barclays 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    BARC, -0.39%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         Standard Chartered 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    STAN, -1.42%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    8316, +0.95%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         Mizuho Financial Group 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    MFG, -0.27%
8411, +0.99%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    MTU, +0.56%
8306, +0.97%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         as banks that exhibit “both thin capital buffers relative to future regulatory requirements and relatively weak profitability to build those buffers over the next few years.”The IMF said some of these banks continue to grapple with legacy issues. Others, mainly the European investment banks, “still face the problem of defining and executing profitable business models.”Low domestic interest rates also affect the profitability of the troubled Japanese banks, the IMF said.“Problems in even a single one of these global systemically important banks could generate systemic stress,” according to the IMF, so supervisors must focus on business model risks and sustainable profitability.Citi, for example, was a poster child of the financial crisis, with the company forced to cleave off billions in businesses to comply with more stringent regulatory requirements in the wake of the mortgage-fueled, global banking implosion.Jennifer Lowney, head of corporate communications at Citigroup, said the bank took issue with the IMF’s analysis.“We don’t understand how they reach their conclusions and disagree with them. We laid out our return targets during our Investor Day in July and, as our third quarter results show, we are making steady progress in reaching them,” Lowney said, in a statement.Citigroup’s earnings, released Thursday, were bouyed by gains in the firm’s consumer banks. The firm’s stock jumped in early trading and was up as much as 1.6% before ending up down 0.6%.
                            Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000.
                        
                            Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000.
                        Join the conversationCopyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service,
                Privacy Policy, and 
                Cookie Policy.
            
                Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use.
                Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information.
                All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. 
                Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
            