
The entertainment company, home to some of the most iconic and 
      beloved brands around the globe, taps AWS to accelerate its migration to 
      the cloud
SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS), an Amazon.com company (NASDAQ:AMZN), 
      today announced that The Walt Disney Company (NYSE: DIS) has selected 
      AWS as its preferred public cloud infrastructure provider. Disney will 
      expand its use of AWS to migrate production workloads to the AWS Cloud. 
      Disney already leverages AWS’s industry-leading services for a wide 
      variety of use cases, including websites and digital properties across 
      all its brands, analytics, mobile, business applications, and machine 
      learning.
    
      For more than eight years, AWS and Disney have collaborated to drive IT 
      innovation. AWS has provided ongoing architectural best-practices 
      support to enable Disney’s planned migrations from on-premises to a 
      cloud-based architecture. Disney’s various segments, including Media 
      Networks, Parks and Resorts, and The Walt Disney Studios, currently run 
      business-critical workloads on AWS, driving optimal operational 
      performance and customer experiences.
    
      “Expanding our strategic relationship with AWS and making AWS our 
      preferred public cloud infrastructure provider aligns with our overall 
      technical strategy,” said Charles Weiner, Senior Vice President 
      Enterprise Infrastructure Services for The Walt Disney Company. “We have 
      had success modernizing our IT operations and transforming the digital 
      presence of our brands using AWS. We look forward to our continued 
      collaboration as we accelerate our Digital Platform migration to the 
      public cloud.”
    
      “Leading enterprises across a wide range of industries turn to AWS for 
      its unmatched breadth of functionality, compute capacity, highly 
      scalable infrastructure, and proven operational expertise,” said Mike 
      Clayville, Vice President, Worldwide Commercial Sales at AWS. “For as 
      long as I can remember, Disney’s entertainment has brought millions of 
      families together. Now, we are excited to be part of their technology 
      family, helping them scale, add new services, and innovate with speed so 
      they can continue to delight people every day, around the world.”
    
About Amazon Web ServicesFor more than 11 years, Amazon Web 
      Services has been the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted 
      cloud platform. AWS offers over 100 fully featured services for compute, 
      storage, databases, networking, analytics, machine learning and 
      artificial intelligence (AI), Internet of Things (IoT), mobile, 
      security, hybrid, and application development, deployment, and 
      management from 44 Availability Zones (AZs) across 16 geographic regions 
      in the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, Germany, India, Ireland, 
      Japan, Korea, Singapore, and the UK. AWS services are trusted by 
      millions of active customers around the world—including the 
      fastest-growing startups, largest enterprises, and leading government 
      agencies—to power their infrastructure, make them more agile, and lower 
      costs. To learn more about AWS, visit https://aws.amazon.com.
    
About AmazonAmazon is guided by four principles: customer 
      obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, 
      commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer 
      reviews, 1-Click shopping, personalized recommendations, Prime, 
      Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire 
      tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa are some of the products and 
      services pioneered by Amazon. For more information, visit www.amazon.com/about 
      and follow @AmazonNews.
    
About The Walt Disney Company:The Walt Disney Company, 
      together with its subsidiaries, is a diversified worldwide entertainment 
      company with operations in four business segments: Media Networks, Parks 
      and Resorts, Studio Entertainment, and Consumer Products & Interactive 
      Media. Disney is a Dow 30 company and had annual revenues of $55.1 
      billion in its Fiscal Year 2017. For more information, visit www.thewaltdisneycompany.com.
    

      Amazon.com, Inc.Media HotlineAmazon-pr@amazon.comwww.amazon.com/pr
The Walt Disney Company has selected AWS as its preferred public cloud infrastructure provider.
      Amazon.com, Inc.Media HotlineAmazon-pr@amazon.comwww.amazon.com/pr
