Disney will announce a dividend hike in the next few days.The company has not cut its dividend for 60 consecutive years while it has more than quadrupled it in the last decade.The article discusses what dividend hike the shareholders should be expecting.Disney (DIS) has dramatically underperformed S&P (SPY) in the last two years. To be sure, the stock has fallen 5% whereas S&P has rallied 30% throughout this period. Therefore, the only consolation to the shareholders is the upcoming dividend hike, which is expected to be announced shortly. In this article, I will discuss what dividend hike the shareholders of Disney should be expecting.First of all, it is important to note that the segment of parks and resorts has become the main growth driver for the company this year. Despite the adverse effect of hurricane Irma, this segment posted 6% growth in its operating income in the fiscal Q4 over last year. The earnings at the international parks more than offset the impact of the hurricane, with Shanghai Disney Resort exceeding the expectations of the management in its first fiscal year, with positive operating income. As this resort is only in its early stages, it has plenty of room for future growth. Even better, the management intends to continue to invest in this promising segment next year, when it will build two Star Wars Lands. While this segment used to be minor in its contribution to the total earnings of the company, it now generates 1/3 of the total earnings and is poised to surpass the media segment in a few years.While most investors expected the studio entertainment segment to keep thriving, the operating income of this segment has fallen 11% in the last 12 months. As I had mentioned in a previous article, investors should not have expected the growth of this segment to continue because last year was an exceptionally successful year, with several all-star movies. In addition, the entertainment company issued so many popular films last year that the cinema studios were congested in almost every weekend. Therefore, as there are only 52 weekends per year, it was almost impossible for the company to keep growing its earnings in this segment.It is also worth noting that the US economy has grown for 8 consecutive years and hence many investors are afraid that a recession will show up in the near future. This is an important factor to consider, as Disney is viewed as cyclical and highly vulnerable to recessions. After all, people tend to limit their spending on parks and resorts during recessions while the advertising revenues of the media segment tend to fall.However, the entertainment stalwart has proved quite resistant during recessions. To be sure, its earnings per share fell only 23% in the Great Recession. In addition, the company has not cut its dividend for 60 consecutive years while it has more than quadrupled it in the last 10 years. This record confirms that the company enjoys ample and reliable free cash flows even during rough economic periods. Therefore, its shareholders can rest assured that the dividend of the company will not be at risk whenever the next recession shows up. The safety of the dividend is also evident from the markedly low payout ratio, which currently stands at 27%. This payout ratio also indicates that there is ample room for future dividend hikes.The greatest problem of Disney is the secular decline of its flagship channel, ESPN. Due to its high subscription fees, the sports network is being shed by large TV bundles and hence the number of its subscribers keeps shrinking. More precisely, ESPN has lost 13 M subscribers in the last six years and hence it is now left with 87 M subscribers. Unfortunately for the company, its media segment is by far its largest segment, as it generates 43% of its operating income. As a result, its stagnation exerts a strong drag on its overall results. On the bright side, Disney and Altice USA recently renewed their partnership for many years. Nevertheless, the secular decline of ESPN is so strong that it is likely to persist for years.

In order to remedy this situation, the management of Disney recently announced that it would utilize the acquisition of BAMTech in order to create attractive offerings to consumers. The first product, which will be offered in the new platform in a few months, will be based on ESPN and will allow users to access sports scores, highlights and stream the channels of Disney. The company will add another product in 2019, namely a service in which the users will be able to stream the movies of the company. This project is certainly a great attempt of the company to put a stop on the secular decline of its media segment. Nevertheless, the company will lose a great amount of third-party revenues while it will enter a highly competitive business. Therefore, it will be interesting to see whether this transition proves successful, though it will probably take years to come to a conclusion.On the bright side for this ambitious project, the company has a history of executing successful acquisitions, which have proved game changers for its performance. To be sure, the acquisition of Marvel has delivered several popular movies. Moreover, the acquisition of Pixar revitalized the animation business of the company and raised the average global box office for animated movies to more than $665 M while the company captured 9 out of 10 Oscar awards for animation. In a similar fashion, the management expects the acquisition of BAMTech to prove just another game changer for the company.While the company is trying to turn around its media segment, it does not rest on its laurels in its other segments. To be sure, the company has many Star Wars movies in its pipeline for the next few years. In addition, it has commissioned three new cruise ships to enhance its results in the park and resort segment while it is also investing in Star Wars Land in Disneyland and Walt Disney World, which are on schedule to open in 2019.In reference to the most likely dividend hike, it is worth noting that Disney currently offers a lackluster dividend yield of 1.5% but at the same time it offers an impressive dividend growth rate. More specifically, the company has more than quadrupled its dividend during the last decade. In addition, as the dividend payout ratio is markedly low (27%), there is ample room for future dividend growth. On the other hand, in the last two years, the company has somewhat decelerated and has thus raised its dividend by 8% and 10% per year. Moreover, as the company is trying to tackle the secular decline in its flagship channel and the first results of its investment will be visible only from next year, it is safe to assume that the company will not accelerate its dividend growth. Instead it is likely to raise it at the recent pace, i.e., from $0.78 per semester to about $0.85 per semester. Such a dividend hike will raise the dividend yield to 1.7% and the payout ratio to just 30%.To sum up, Disney continues to thrive in its park and resort segment while its studio entertainment segment seems to have reached a saturation point due to its unprecedented success last year. The company has decided to perform a major transition in its media segment from next year and the results of this effort will greatly affect its growth trajectory. Therefore, the company is likely to raise its dividend at the moderate rate of the last two years, most likely to $0.85 per semester.Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.