Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! On the recent conference call, UnitedHealth Group Inc. UNH  reiterated its 2017 guidance that was earlier provided with the third-quarter earnings release in October. The company also gave a strong view for 2018.  Investors took the above news positively, driving the shares up to hit a 52-week high at $216.31.In the past six months, the stock has gained 22.5% compared with the industry  's growth of 20.6%.  UnitedHealth has a tradition of providing views conservatively and then beating on its earnings and revenues to surprise investors. Since 2009, the company has surpassed expectations in 24 of the 28 reported quarters.  More good news is that the company is well-positioned for long-term growth by virtue of its diversification, a strong track record, an elite management team and exposure to several higher-growth businesses. Its business model which has a lesser exposure to the Obamacare exchanges and Medicaid (which are on gun point of repeal and replace) provides it a good defence against the changes to be bought.    UnitedHealth carries a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Some better-ranked stocks from the healthcare sector are WellCare Health Plans Inc. WCG  , Centene Corp. CNC  and The Joint Corp. JYNT  . While WellCare Health Plans sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), the other two carry a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .WellCare delivered positive surprises in each of the last four quarters with an average beat of 64.3%.    Centene pulled off positive surprises in each of the trailing four quarters with an average beat of 10.6%.The Joint Corp. beat estimates in three of the four reported quarters with an average positive surprise of 5.5%. Investor Alert: Breakthroughs Pending    A medical advance is now at the flashpoint between theory and realization. Billions of dollars in research have poured into it. Companies are already generating substantial revenue, and even more wondrous products are in the pipeline.    Cures for a variety of deadly diseases are in sight, and so are big potential profits for early investors. Zacks names 5 stocks to buy now.    Click here to see them >>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.