Investors may be taking a closer look at shares of Unitedhealth Group Inc (UNH). Let us focus in on the current opinion signal on the stock. The opinion signal for the current session is 100% Buy. Looking back at the last month, the opinion signal reads 96% Buy. This is the combined signal for the previous month when applying a wide array of studies based on price movement. Using these same guidelines, the signal for last week stands at 72% Buy. Investors may also be interested in the strength and direction of the opinion signals. The opinion direction is currently Top 1%. This is a measurement over the past three trading sessions that provides an indication of whether the latest recent price movement is following the signal. A Buy or Sell signal with a “Strongest” direction indicates that the signal is gaining strength. The opinion strength signal is presently reading Top 1%. This is a longer-term gauge verse the historical strength. Tracking current trading session activity on shares of Unitedhealth Group Inc (UNH), we can see that the stock price recently hit 222.88. At the open, shares were trading at 217.7. Since the start of the session, the stock has topped out with a high of 224.27 and bottomed with a low of 217.36. After noting current price levels, we can see that the change from the open is presently 6.74.  Let us now turn the focus to some medium-term indicators on company shares. The reading from the 40-day commodity channel index is currently Buy. The CCI indicator is mainly used to identify oversold and overbought levels. Shifting to the 50-day moving average vs price signal, the reading is measured at Buy. This indicator is used to watch price changes. Many investors opt to keep a close watch on the views of sell-side analysts that cover the stock. The current analyst rating on Unitedhealth Group Inc (UNH) is 4.7368421052632. This is based on a scale where a 5 would indicate a Strong Buy, a 4 would equal a Moderate Buy, 3 a hold, 2 a moderate sell, and a rating of 1 would indicate a Strong Sell.Traders and investors are constantly looking to develop a winning strategy when it comes to the equity markets. Some strategies may be simple, and others may be complex. Keeping emotions in check may not always be the easiest task when studying a particular stock. Figuring out what works and what doesn’t may take investors a lot of time including some trial and error. When a specific strategy doesn’t pan out, it may be necessary to reassess the position and find a new angle.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.    

