Separate multiple addresses with commas.Edit your personal detailsChange your password
	It was a mixed finish on Wall Street on Cyber Monday with the Dow Jones closing higher but the Nasdaq and S&P 500 finishing in the red.
	A riser after hours was vehicle maker Thor Industries Inc (NYSE:THO), which surged near 10% after the New York bell to US$149.86 each.
	It  came after the group recorded record earnings and revenue, which beat Wall Street expectations.
	Elsewhere, UnitedHealth Group Inc (NYSE:UNH) shares lost 1.54% to US$209.12 each after the health insurance firm revealed a lighter-than-expected earnings forecast for 2018.
	Meanwhile, Tech Data Corp (NASDAQ:TECD), added over 4.5% to US$97.50 after the bell, after the IT distribution company posted third-quarter financial results.
	Last but not least, shares in Iqvia Holdings Inc (NYSE:IQV) shed over 1% to US$101.50 after hours after the biopharmaceutical development and commercial outsourcing services provider announced a new share-buyback program.No investment adviceThe Company is a publisher. You understand and agree that no content published on the Site constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for any specific person. You further understand that none of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, advisability, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter.You understand that the Site may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities mentioned in other products, including company related products, and that those opinions may be different from those obtained by using another product related to the Company. You understand and agree that contributors may write about securities in which they or their firms have a position, and that they may trade such securities for their own account. In cases where the position is held at the time of publication and such position is known to the Company, appropriate disclosure is made. However, you understand and agree that at the time of any transaction that you make, one or more contributors may have a position in the securities written about. You understand that price and other data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made using such data, and that neither such data nor such calculations are guaranteed by these sources, the Company, the information providers or any other person or entity, and may not be complete or accurate.From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.Thor Industries is engaged in manufacturing and selling a  range of recreation vehicles, and small and mid-size buses in the United  StatesThor Industries is engaged in manufacturing and selling a  range of recreation vehicles, and small and mid-size buses in the United  States
			© Proactive Investors 2017		