Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! On Nov 30, we updated the research report on industrial goods manufacturer, Honeywell International Inc. HON  .       However, Honeywell is susceptible to material price inflation, which affects profitability. Although the company's proactive restructuring initiatives have positioned it better than many of its peers, it is yet to witness signs of stabilization in a number of its major end markets. A change in the U.S. government's defense and aerospace funding could also adversely impact sales of Aerospace's products and services. The high research and development costs could also be a drag on the Aerospace segment and result in margin contraction.    Nevertheless, we remain impressed with the inherent growth potential of this Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) stock. Some better-ranked stocks in the industry are Danaher Corporation DHR  , Federal Signal Corporation FSS  and Leucadia National Corporation LUK  , each carrying a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank   (Strong Buy) stocks here   .    Danaher has a long-term earnings growth expectation of 10.6%. It has surpassed estimates in each of the trailing four quarters with an average positive surprise of 2.6%.    Federal Signal has delivered an earnings beat thrice in the trailing four quarters with an average positive surprise of 11.5%.    Leucadia has an expected long-term earnings growth rate of 18%. It has exceeded estimates thrice in the last four quarters with an average beat of 21.2%.     The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of All    Last year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.    See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This Trend   >>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.