The recent weakness makes an entry into a stock attractive.Low dividend yield is a sign of strength.The projected yearly dividend growth of 12 to 15% is now secured beyond 2022.NextEra Energy Partners is a strong buy.In March 2017, I established a yieldco focus group of stocks, including NextEra Energy Partners (NEP), NRG Yield (NYLD), 8Point3 Energy (CAFD) and Pattern Energy (PEGI). I produced series of articles in which I issued “buy” recommendations for NEP, NYLD, and PEGI.In this comparison, I am adding two more yieldcos to the group. Those are Atlantica Yield (ABY) and TerraForm Power (TERP). Since I did not perform a detailed analysis on the additions, my position on their prospects is rated currently as “neutral.”The table below (Tab 1.) shows pricing at the time of original articles and a current share price for each company.

Tab 1. Yieldco Focus Group - Price Recommendation. Source: R.Dydo, prices based on the market dataIn this review, my focus is on NextEra Energy Partners. I believe this yieldco’s prospects are superior to other members of the sector. My conclusion is based on the strength of the sponsor and the recent financial transactions reinforcing dividend growth for the next five years.A present weakness in the stock is a good entry point to benefit from this long-term growth. I had rated the company as a buy from February 2017, when the price was $30.79. I continue to recommend the stock with the "strong buy" recommendation, expecting it to reach a value in a range of $71 to $81 per share by the end of 2022 - a 5-year timeline - based on 12% to 15% annual growth of dividend.The yieldco sector has gone through an exciting transition this year. Two yieldocs, ABY and TERP, got new sponsors, in place of their bankruptcy-ridden creators. Brookfield Renewable Partners (BEP), a yieldco itself, now sponsors TerraForm.Sponsors of CAFD and NYLD announced the sale of their interests. My position on the future of the two companies differs dramatically. I consider NYLD as undervalued based on a potential deal, and CAFD as overvalued, using current market pricing. The results of those future transactions will undoubtedly provide further opportunity for the sector analysis.The recently proposed tax reform bill has influenced some of the selling in companies carrying wind assets. The changes to the production tax credit, or PTC, remove the inflation component, lowering the credit from a 2.3 cents to 1.5 cents per kWh produced. The reform also proposes to change the qualification period for the tax credit levels, based on the construction schedule, including an actual construction description.The bill is now in the hands of the Senate, which vocalized removal of changes for PTC altogether, planning to keep the credits for wind and solar unchanged.Investors need to know that the proposed changes if ever legislated would impact future projects, and because of it, sponsors of yieldcos. I do not expect retroactive application, which is critical for yieldcos buying or carrying on existing assets. I find the selloff based on tax proposal to be a temporary opportunity until the reality of "no change" settles in.In the table (Tab 2.) below, I am presenting expectations for dividend growth and share price based on current yield and an estimated increase in dividend per share for the next five years.

Tab 2. Dividend and Share Price Growth. Source: R.Dydo, data from various announcementsReaders may question some of the conclusions, so explanations are required. The current formula shows only existing operating assets, omitting the acquisition of 691MW by NEP. 5-year growth rate stated as 0% for NYLD, PEGI, and CAFD. This is based on no information supporting forecast of growth beyond 2017, and in case of NYLD, for 2018.In my opinion, 8Point3 Energy cannot support the growth of the dividend beyond 2017 and likely faces reduction of it upon debt amortization schedule.Cash available for distribution, under current conditions, is beyond 80%, targeted by PEGI for a payout ratio. Therefore, dividend growth is limited at this time. However, shares of PEGI have a high dividend yield and thus have room for an upward adjustment to become better aligned with the focus group’s yield, averaging 5.87%.The NEP’s recent acquisition, to be concluded in Q4, is not a part of the trajectory of growth presented in the table. This addition will, at a minimum, support the high end of the 15% dividend growth per year until 2022.The company executed a few financial transactions recently to facilitate this asset drop-down. The slide below explains the financing changes (slide 1.):

Source: NEP Q3 2017 PresentationThe following slide contain the details of the Q4 acquisition:

Source: NEP Q3 2017 PresentationDespite having the lowest dividend yield in the group, at 4% NEP has a superior profile for both share and dividend growth. In fact, the yield represents a powerful confirmation of company’s prospects and should not be considered unappealing. An argument could be made that the current yield of 4% is too high for the quality of the assets and prospects based on the health of the sponsor, debt rating, and a debt amortization schedule.Table (Tab 3.) below presents current and future cash available for distribution for the focus group, accounting for the inclusion of new assets in case of NEP.

Tab 3. Current Assets. Source: R.Dydo, based on a company dataA review of the list of sponsors points to NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) as the ablest force in the market. This reaffirms that quality of sponsorship makes a huge difference to the strength of a yieldco. For example, NYLD being on sale put shares in limbo, limiting valuation without a sponsor in the picture.Yet, CAFD is in the most difficult condition by far. In my view, current market capitalization is not sustainable for sale to a public or a private entity due to valuation. I support my view using details of the acquisition of a 25% interest in the purchase of ABY by Algonquin Power (AQN), which I explained in this article about SunPower (NASDAQ:SPWR). I think in case of SunPower, a sale could be driven by immediate cash needs and can be well below the market price.Finally, I am addressing the last dilemma about NEP, which is an investor’s aversion to companies offering sponsors incentive distribution rights or IDRs. The logic is that presence of IDR is a natural reduction of future distributions/dividends.The slide I took from Q3 2017 results' presentation shows details of the 2018 run rate of cash available for distribution.

Source: NEP Q3 2017 PresentationIDRs are considered an expense by NEP and are deducted from CAFD. The $400M is also after amortization of the debt. Despite IDR, NEP has the biggest CAFD among all yieldcos.Moreover, recent adjustments to IDR produced an improved distribution, enabling stable dividend growth of 15% per year. Further modifications may also take place, especially with changes to corporate structure, making NEP more independent from the sponsor with its own board of directors in 2018.In conclusion, the 5-year growth model - having a dividend to increase 15% yearly - provides an attractive, long-term profile for shares of NEP. The recent issuance of new debt, designed to complete an acquisition of 691MW of renewable assets stabilizes, at the minimum, the high end of that growth.Present price weakness is potentially a result of a combination of events, including proposed tax reform and perceived impact on yieldcos, as well as a misunderstanding of convertible debt influencing a share count, and therefore, share value. I would consider those to be a short-term noise, and I believe this could constitute the opportunity to buy shares.Despite 4% dividend yield, the share value growth is in the range of 87% to 102% by the end of the 5 years, excluding compounding factor of the dividend payout and its reinvestment.Overall, the average return rate, at the high end of dividend growth and including 4% yield, is about 19 to 20% per year. All those factors lead me to the conclusion that NEP is the strongest yieldco on the market, with predictable, measurable growth. I rate the stock as a strong buy for those investors who consider yieldcos as part of their portfolios.Disclosure: I am/we are long CSIQ, NEP. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.