Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!NextEra Energy, Inc. ( NEE  ) will begin trading ex-dividend on November 22, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.983 per share is scheduled to be paid on December 15, 2017. Shareholders who purchased NEE prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This marks the 4th quarter that NEE has paid the same dividend. At the current stock price of $155.92, the dividend yield is 2.52%.The previous trading day's last sale of NEE was $155.92, representing a -2.11% decrease from the 52 week high of $159.28 and a 38.44% increase over the 52 week low of $112.63.NEE is a part of the Public Utilities sector, which includes companies such as Dominion Energy, Inc. ( D  ) and Southern Company ( SO  ). NEE's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $8.9. Zacks Investment Research reports NEE's forecasted earnings growth in 2017 as 8.78%, compared to an industry average of 2.7%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit the NEE Dividend History  page. Our  Dividend Calendar  has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today. Interested in gaining exposure to NEE through an Exchange Traded Fund [ETF]?   The following ETF(s) have NEE as a top-10 holding: The top-performing ETF of this group is JHMU with an increase of 8.02% over the last 100 days. IDU has the highest percent weighting of NEE at 8.86%.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.