INVEST WISELYAsian shares were mostly lower Tuesday following a sluggish post-Thanksgiving trading sessionon Wall Street.KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 fell 0.1 percent to 22,461.10. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 lost less than 0.1 percent to 5,986.80. South Korea’s Kospi added 0.2 percent to 2,513.45. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng slipped 0.7 percent to 29,485.42, while the Shanghai Composite dipped 0.4 percent to 3,308.55. Shares in Southeast Asia were mixed.WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slipped 1 point to 2,601.42. The Dow Jones industrial average edged up 0.1 percent to 23,580.78, while the Nasdaq composite fell 0.2 percent to 6,878.52. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks lost 0.4 percent to 1,513.31. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange.NORTH KOREA WORRIES: Reports that Pyongyang may be readying another missile launch also weighed on investor sentiments in the region. The Japanese wire service Kyodo reported, citing a government source, that Japan was on alert after catching radio signals suggesting North Korea might be preparing for a ballistic missile launch.FEDERAL RESERVE: Investors also will have their eye on departing U.S. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen’s remarks before Congress and a possible vote in the Senate on its version of a U.S. tax overhaul bill. (Source: Chicago Tribune)Major News: Meredith Corporation (MDP) stock inclined 10.74% to trade at $67.55 on Monday. Magazine and broadcasting company Meredith is buying magazine publisher Time for about $1.8 billion, with help from the billionaire Koch brothers, to bulk up on readers as the publishing industry navigates the difficult transition to digital from print.Iowa-based Meredith Corp. owns 17 TV stations that reach 12 million U.S. households. Its women- and lifestyle-focused magazines and websites include Better Homes & Gardens, Family Circle and Allrecipes. Time Inc., based in New York, has publications including Time, Sports Illustrated, People, Fortune and Entertainment Weekly.Including Time’s debt, Meredith values the deal at $2.8 billion.To get the deal done, Meredith got $650 million in financial backing from the private equity arm of Koch Industries, the energy conglomerate of the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch, known for their advocacy for conservative causes. The Koch investment has raised eyebrows in media circles. The company said that the Koch brothers would not influence editorial operations, however. Meredith CEO Steve Lacy said on a call Monday morning that the company had not wanted an investor who would want to help run the business, so it went with Koch for financial aid because of their desire to be “passive” investors and because they didn’t require a board seat.A Koch representative did not answer questions about why the company was interested in media but said Monday said that the investing arm, Koch Equity Development, was making a “passive financial investment” that doesn’t include board or management representation. (Source: AP)A total volume of 3,325,695 shares was traded. The Company’s shares have inclined 26.26% in the past month, 24.40% in the last twelve months, and 14.20% on an YTD basis.Top Pick for Tuesday: Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ: CTSH)Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ: CTSH) has grabbed attention from the analysts when it experienced a change of 0.18% in the last trading session to close at $72.40. A total of 3,953,181 shares exchanged hands during the intra-day trade contrast with its average trading volume of 2.92M shares, while its relative volume stands at 1.35. Relative volume is the comparison of current volume to average volume for the same time of day, and it’s displayed as a ratio. If RVOL is less than 1 it is not In Play on this trading day and Investors may decide not to trade it.  If RVOL is above 2 it is In Play and this is more evidence Investors ought to be in the name.  When stocks are *very* In Play one can see a RVOL of 5 and above.  The higher the RVOL the more In Play the stock is.Day traders strive to make money by exploiting minute price movements in individual assets (usually stocks, though currencies, futures, and options are traded as well), usually leveraging large amounts of capital to do so, therefore they trade on Stocks in Play. In Play Stocks are volatile enough to produce good risk and reward trading opportunities for both bull and bear traders intraday. Most company stocks have very little volatility. They generally move extremely slowly and they only produce big price swings when the company produces good or bad trading results, which may only happen a couple of times a year at best.In deciding what to focus on – in a stock, say – a typical day trader looks for three things: liquidity, volatility and trading volume. Liquidity allows an investor to enter and exit a stock at a good price (i.e. tight spreads, or the difference between the bid and ask price of a stock, and low slippage, or the difference between the predictable price of a trade and the actual price). If a stock does not have good liquidity then it may take some time before a broker is able to negotiate a deal to buy or sell a stock and the broker may not be able to get the sell or buy price that the trader is looking for. This is a problem for day traders and it could mean the difference between a profitable and non-profitable trade.Traders have different rules for what constitutes liquidity and a good guide is the volume of trades and volume of shares that are traded each day. 100,000 shares traded per day would be a minimum for most traders and some require 1,000,000.Trading volume is a gauge of how many times a stock is bought and sold in a given time period (most commonly, within a day of trading, known as the average daily trading volume – ADTV). A high degree of volume indicates a lot of interest in a stock. Often, a boost in the volume of a stock is a harbinger of a price jump, either up or down.Volatility is simply a measure of the predictable daily price range—the range in which a day trader operates. More volatility means greater profit or loss. After a recent check, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation (NASDAQ: CTSH) stock is found to be 1.33% volatile for the week, while 1.73% volatility is recorded for the month.Technical’s Snapshot:The stock has a market cap of $42.72B and the number of outstanding shares has been calculated 590.00M. Based on a recent bid, its distance from 20 days simple moving average is -2.18%, and its distance from 50 days simple moving average is -1.53% while it has a distance of 8.31% from the 200 days simple moving average. The company’s distance from 52-week high price is -5.37% and the current price is 40.53% away from 52-week low price. The company has Relative Strength Index (RSI 14) of 43.01 together with Average True Range (ATR 14) of 1.18.Stock’s Valuation:Past 5 years growth of CTSH observed at 12.30%, and for the next five years the analysts that follow this company is expecting its growth at 13.93%. The stock’s price to sales ratio for trailing twelve months is 2.96 and price to book ratio for the most recent quarter is 3.89, whereas price to cash per share for the most recent quarter are 9.06. Its quick ratio for the most recent quarter is 3.30. Analysts mean recommendation for the stock is 2.00. This number is based on a 1 to 5 scale where 1 indicates a Strong Buy recommendation while 5 represents a Strong Sell.Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Alphabetastock.com are only for information purposes. Alpha Beta Stock (ABS) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Alpha Beta Stock; however, human error can exist.Jason P. Vasser gives us an insight into the most recent news hitting the Technology Sector in Wall Street. He has been an independent financial adviser for over 10 years in the city and in recent years turned his experience in finance and passion for journalism into a full time role. He performs analysis of Companies and publicizes valuable information for shareholder community.Jason is an accomplished journalist who has a passion for travel. His desire to see the world has taken him to countries around the world and given him the opportunity to report for some of the top news organizations.Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Our mission is to provide unmatched news and insight on newsworthy and momentum stocks to potential traders looking to execute the best possible public and private capital allocation decisions.120 Adelaide St W Toronto, ON M5H 1T1 Canada.4165043012contactus@alphabetastock.comWe get your news straight to the search engines that everyone uses, like Google, Yahoo and Bing. Our search engine friendly releases mean that people will find your business more easily.Email us at: Ads@alphabetastock.com