Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.A cookie is a piece of data stored by your browser or device that helps websites like this one recognize return visitors. We use cookies to give you the best experience on BNA.com. Some cookies are also necessary for the technical operation of our website. If you continue browsing, you agree to this site’s use of cookies.For even more information, see Privacy Policy: Our Policies Regarding the Collection of InformationSign InBloomberg LawAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedBloomberg TaxAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedBloomberg GovernmentAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedBloomberg EnvironmentAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedHR & PayrollAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedMarketing ServicesCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedOur ProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Forgot your username or password?
An integrated legal research and business intelligence solution, combining trusted news and analysis with cutting-edge technology to provide legal professionals with tools to be proactive advisers.Built on the foundation of our renowned Tax Management Portfolios™, Bloomberg BNA Tax & Accounting provides in-depth analysis from leading practitioner-experts, timesaving practice tools, news, commentary, and primary sources.
                                The most comprehensive source of information and analytics for government affairs and contracting professionals. BGOV solutions deliver the complete picture on legislation and government contracting. Combines powerful, easy-to-use compliance tools, auditing software, and analysis with continuously updated federal and state laws, regulations, and documents.Bloomberg BNA provides legal, tax, compliance, government affairs, and government contracting professionals with critical information, practical guidance, and workflow solutions, leveraging leading technology and a global network of experts.Bloomberg BNA Plus marketing services allow clients to elevate their brands and extend their reach through our established and trusted expertise, enhanced with engaging event production, appealing design, and compelling messaging.Daily Tax Report: State provides authoritative coverage of state
and local tax developments across the 50 U.S. states and the District of
Columbia, tracking legislative and regulatory updates,...

By 
      Laura Mahoney
Bank of America Corp.’s dividends from its $3 billion investment in a Chinese bank
   weren’t integral enough to its operations to be taxable California business income,
   the State Board of Equalization said.
In a 4-1 ruling Nov. 14, the five-member elected board rejected arguments from the
   Franchise Tax Board that Bank of America Corp.’s (BAC) operational ties with China
   Construction Bank Corp. (CCB) showed the relationship was more than a mere investment.
   The FTB unsuccessfully pointed to a leasing joint venture, employee exchanges, reciprocal
   customer referrals and wire transfers, and mutual fee waivers for customers using
   the other bank’s automatic teller machines as evidence of the ties.
The board granted BAC’s claim for a $5.7 million refund of tax paid on $582 million
   in net dividends it received in 2008. The bank reported the income on its original
   return as business income, but filed a claim for refund in 2013 claiming the dividends
   were nonbusiness income (
   
   In re Bank of America Corp., Cal. Board of Equalization, No. 983272, ruling
   11/14/17
   ).
The appeal was one of the last major income tax cases the board will hear before the
   Office of Tax Appeals takes over in January. Lawmakers and the governor stripped the
   elected board of most of its duties after finding that board members were misusing
   resources, interfering in daily operations, and threatening managers who wouldn’t
   go along with them. The board will hear tax appeals for the last time at its December
   meeting.
BAC told the board that its investment in CCB, which lasted from 2005 to 2011, was
   a one-way relationship to help the Chinese bank modernize. The Chinese government
   was seeking investors to improve the country’s bank system as it was preparing to
   join the World Trade Organization, and a state-owned investment company controlled
   the Chinese bank.
“It was a one-way exchange of information,”
   Lauren Hood, who managed the relationship between the two banks for BAC as a senior
   vice president at the time, told the board. She currently serves as senior vice president
   for diversity and inclusion at BAC. BAC’s role in the investment was mainly to provide
   training and expertise in specific areas at the Chinese bank’s request, she said.
   
BAC’s total ownership of the Chinese bank varied between 8 percent and 19 percent,
   and it had one person on the CCB board of directors. The American bank sold its investment
   at the height of the financial crisis as it was shedding investments that weren’t
   part of its core business, David Belk, senior vice president for global corporate
   strategy and development at BAC, told the board.
During the investment period, the two banks had a strategic assistance agreement under
   which BAC agreed to halt retail banking in China and only serve its existing clients,
   Derick Brannan, managing director at PricewaterhouseCoopers in Sacramento, representing
   BAC, told the board. Growth in BAC’s business in China at the time was due to overall
   economic growth—not the investment. 
“We could not make any of CCB’s business integral as a matter of contract,” Brannan
   said. “The primary owner was the Chinese government.”
The FTB argued that BAC’s annual reports, statements from its chief executive officer,
   and news releases showed the investment included strong operational ties. Any one
   of the activities performed through the investment was enough to meet the legal test
   to be classified as business income, Thomas Lo Grossman, attorney for the FTB argued.
For example, the reciprocal wire transfers and client referrals helped BAC increase
   its client base and serve its clients better, which are fundamental to the American
   bank’s business, he said. 
According to the 
   hearing summary prepared by the SBOE appeals division, the BAC’s loan business grew from
   $172 million in 2005 to $3.9 billion in 2011.
SBOE Chair Diane Harkey (R) and members Jerome Horton
   (D), Fiona Ma (D), and George Runner (R) voted to grant the bank’s claim for refund.
   Members said they didn’t see evidence of integration or interwoven ties between BAC
   and CCB, as is required under the California Supreme Court’s 2001 ruling in 
   Hoechst Celanese Corp. v. Franchise Tax Board.
Ma, who said she leads delegations to China regularly, said she saw it as an investment
   that didn’t have much benefit for BAC.
“When you invest in China, it will never be integral to your business,” Ma said. “It
   is their business. They need your expertise until they get to that level where they
   don’t need you anymore.”
Yvette Stowers, deputy controller for taxation representing State Controller Betty
   T. Yee (D), voted against the motion.
To contact the reporter on this story: Laura Mahoney in Sacramento, Calif., at 
   LMahoney@bna.comTo contact the editor responsible for this story:
   Cheryl Saenz at 
   csaenz@bna.comText of the hearing summary is at 
         http://src.bna.com/ufT.
Copyright © 2017 Tax Management Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Request Daily Tax Report: State
Copyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedAll Bloomberg BNA treatises are available on standing order, which ensures you will always receive the most current edition of the book or supplement of the title you have ordered from Bloomberg BNA’s book division. As soon as a new supplement or edition is published (usually annually) for a title you’ve previously purchased and requested to be placed on standing order, we’ll ship it to you to review for 30 days without any obligation. During this period, you can either (a) honor the invoice and receive a 5% discount (in addition to any other discounts you may qualify for) off the then-current price of the update, plus shipping and handling or (b) return the book(s), in which case, your invoice will be cancelled upon receipt of the book(s). Call us for a prepaid UPS label for your return. It’s as simple and easy as that. Most importantly, standing orders mean you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you’re relying on. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.960.1220 or by sending an email to books@bna.com.
 Put me on standing order at a 5% discount off list price of all future updates, in addition to any other discounts I may quality for. (Returnable within 30 days.)
    
 Notify me when updates are available (No standing order will be created).
    This Bloomberg BNA report is available on standing order, which ensures you will all receive the latest edition. This report is updated annually and we will send you the latest edition once it has been published. By signing up for standing order you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you need. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.372.1033, option 5, or by sending us an email to research@bna.com.
 Put me on standing order
    
 Notify me when new releases are available (no standing order will be created)
    