MasterCard is my single largest position in my US growth portfolio.The stock has been on a tear in 2017.I've been resisting the itch to trim this holding a little.I have had a great, long-term association with MasterCard (MA), largely since the IPO. While I was in and out of MasterCard over the first few years after the IPO, I've just been steadfastly in, and occasionally nibbling more since early 2012. The result of this is that I've wracked up nice capital gains in MasterCard, to go alongside my modest initial capital investment. The result is that it's my largest individual holding in my "growth portfolio" to the tune of almost ~$50k. Likely of little surprise is that my holding in Visa (V) is just a shade behind.Recently, I've been growing a little restless about my MA position. However, my restlessness isn't for any of the reasons that you may think.Credit card networks have huge moats. It's not an easy task to set up a network, what with needing to have banks issue the cards, consumers to use the cards, and merchants to accept the cards. The network effects are significant and not easy to replicate. To be successful in removing incumbents in a payments ecosystem requires immense consumer awareness, significant scale, significant capital and a great deal of sophistication in risk management.There are very few players that can say they have that combination of skills. Sure, there's been a lot of noise about new payment systems, bitcoin, litecoin, other cryptocurrencies. All of these currencies are built on some undeniably good technology, however the dirty secret here is that unless you have a for-profit entity that has a motivation to align a buyer and seller ecosystem, these alternatives will never be real challengers in creating a broad-based, universally accepted payment paradigm.Growth opportunities abound for MasterCard. As a society, we are putting more and more of our spend on credit cards. Cash is marked for extinction. Check usage has largely conceded defeat. In international markets, increasing per capita discretionary income is leading the trend toward increasing spend by users in international markets on credit cards.Credit cards are being accepted by merchants who previously hadn't accepted them. This is thanks to the lower costs of Point of Sale terminals, such as those distributed by Square. The result is that accepting credit card payments is now cheaper for many smaller merchants, all of which will contribute additional payment volume for MasterCard.MasterCard also has been taking steps to introduce new services. The company's efforts in pioneering new tokenization services has been moving at pace. This will be a new set of services marketed toward merchants which should help prevent credit card data theft.A combination of the superior structural and business performance of MasterCard plus a raging bull market in growth stocks has seen MasterCard on a flier in 2017, with the stock up almost 45% in 2017. After having done very little in 2016 MasterCard has made up for a subpar performance, and then some.In my view, this has left the company's valuation a little on the expensive side. MasterCard trades at almost 29x forward earnings. This is not ridiculously overpriced, but it's certainly a hefty premium over the 21-22x forward earnings at which it traded in early 2016.All of this has left me with a bit of an itch to trim some of my MasterCard position. Having run up so far in 2017, it's highly likely there will be some trimming of gains in 2018. While the MasterCard business is in rude health, its valuation isn't. Frankly, it appears a little bloated currently.However this itch to trim my MasterCard position is one that I'm refusing to scratch for now. The previously couple of times where I divested some MasterCard stock while thinking the business had run up too hard ended up costing me thousands of dollars over the long haul. That provides a very powerful disincentive to the psychological desire to take some profits in a stock that is showing some signs of sluggishness.The other issue that's holding me back from any position trimming is a quality problem. I only invest in high quality. And MasterCard is the highest benchmark in my portfolio of high quality names which includes things like Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (GOOGL), Facebook (FB), Amazon (AMZN), Alibaba (BABA), etc. I just wouldn't be able to redeploy the proceeds in another business of equivalent high quality at a valuation that makes sense.For now, I'm just content to sit on the position that I have in this name, in the vain hope that I get a chance to have another crack at MA in the $115-$120 range, the area at which I last bought MasterCard stock. If there's any sort of correction next year, I'll likely sell some puts to be a willing buyer at this price range. I wouldn't mind increasing my position size by another one third, but likely no more than that.Till that time, I'll just have to ignore the itchy trigger finger hovering over that sell button and pay no heed to the increasingly stretched valuation of this great business.Disclosure: I am/we are long MA, V, GOOGL, FB, BABA, AMZN. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.