Separate multiple addresses with commas.Edit your personal detailsChange your password
	US stocks are seen continuing the rally seen yesterday, with futures pointing higher.
	Before the bell, e-commerce giant Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) was in play, with shares up over 3% to US$191.90.
	It comes as the group raised its outlook for  the full-year revenue after reporting sales that beat estimates, bolstered by a rise in Chinese consumer spending.
	Meanwhile, Electro Scientific Industries Inc (NASDAQ:ESIO) shot up over 30 %  to US$21.25 as the firm issued upbeat second quarter numbers and put out a strong third quarter forecast.
	Meanwhile, Wayfair Inc  (NYSES:W), the  home goods, e-commerce firm,  sank over 19% to US$60.05 in pre-market deals after it reported downbeat third quarter results.
L Brands Inc (NYSE:LB) shares added  over 6% to US$46.44 before the bell, after the firm reported encouraging October sales data.
	The group reported sales of US$794.1mln for the month, up from US$756.7 million for the same month a year ago.No investment adviceThe Company is a publisher. You understand and agree that no content published on the Site constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for any specific person. You further understand that none of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, advisability, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter.You understand that the Site may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities mentioned in other products, including company related products, and that those opinions may be different from those obtained by using another product related to the Company. You understand and agree that contributors may write about securities in which they or their firms have a position, and that they may trade such securities for their own account. In cases where the position is held at the time of publication and such position is known to the Company, appropriate disclosure is made. However, you understand and agree that at the time of any transaction that you make, one or more contributors may have a position in the securities written about. You understand that price and other data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made using such data, and that neither such data nor such calculations are guaranteed by these sources, the Company, the information providers or any other person or entity, and may not be complete or accurate.From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.
	We operate leading online and mobile marketplaces in retail and wholesale trade, as well as cloud computing and other services. We provide technology and services to enable consumers, merchants, and other participants to conduct commerce in our ecosystem.
	We operate leading online and mobile marketplaces in retail and wholesale trade, as well as cloud computing and other services. We provide technology and services to enable consumers, merchants, and other participants to conduct commerce in our ecosystem.
			© Proactive Investors 2017		