Alibaba Group Holding Limited BABA) recently announced that it intends to sell U.S. dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes in an underwritten registered public offering.The interest rate, conversion rate and certain other terms of the notes are yet to be determined. The Chinese e-commerce goliath stated that the net proceeds would be used for general corporate purposes.On a year-to-date basis, shares of Alibaba have steadily treaded higher. The stock has returned 117.7% compared with the industry’s gain of 65.6%.Alibaba’s Cash PositionAs of Sep 30, 2017, the company had cash equivalents and marketable securities balance of almost RMB159.9 (US$24.0 million) billion compared with RMB148.2 (US$21.9 million) in the prior quarter. Also, the company generated RMB30.5 billion (US$4.59 billion) of cash from operations and RMB22.5 billion (US$3.4 billion) of non-GAAP free cash flow.We believe that the company has a strong balance sheet, which will help it in capitalizing on investment opportunities and pursuing strategic acquisitions, further improving its growth prospects. Moreover, the senior notes offering will bring down the company’s cost of capital, thus strengthening its balance sheet and supporting growth.Bottom LineAlibaba Group caters mainly to its native market. We remain positive about the company’s market position, expanding customer base androbust growth in core e-commerce business.Also, its high revenues and strong metrics growth are big positives. We believe that the company is being driven by mobile and international expansion.Alibaba Group Holding Limited Price and Consensus Alibaba Group Holding Limited Price and Consensus | Alibaba Group Holding Limited QuoteZacks Rank and Stocks to ConsiderAlibaba currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). A few better-ranked stocks in the broader technology sector are Groupon Inc. GRPN, PetMed Express, Inc. PETS and SMART Global Holdings, Inc. SGH, each carrying a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see the complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank stocks here.Long-term earnings per share growth rate for Groupon, PetMed Express and SMART Global is projected to be 10%, 10% and 15%, respectively.Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.It's not the one you think.See This Ticker Free >>Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report PetMed Express, Inc. (PETS) : Free Stock Analysis Report Groupon, Inc. (GRPN) : Free Stock Analysis Report Alibaba Group Holding Limited (BABA) : Free Stock Analysis Report SMART Global Holdings, Inc. (SGH) : Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research