Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Perfect together.I try not to give billionaires or corporate managers unsolicited advice on what they should do with their money. Warren Buffett and Apple Inc. both have done rather well for themselves and their investors without my help. Today, I violate my own rule
            

                1
            
        : Apple should buy Netflix Inc. in an all-stock deal for about $100 billion.
            

                2
            
Let’s unpack this flight of fancy.
            

                3
            
         In this scenario, Apple would be wildly overpaying for Netflix. However, the world’s most valuable company has a not-so-secret weapon: its own wildly expensive currency. Apple, whose stock price has surged 50 percent this year, is worth almost $900 billion. It is on its way to becoming the first trillion-dollar company.A merger -- technically a takeover -- provides each company with a solution to challenges both face. Apple has learned that film and television are very different industries than music. Its video content offerings have not caught up to those offered by competitors Netflix and Amazon.com Inc. Netflix is spending billions per year to acquire or create new content, money that it may not have in the future. A deep-pocketed partner would ensure the lead it has built does not disappear.And both companies are well aware that the mightiest competitor they face these days is Amazon. A tie-up creates a competitor that would equal the Jeff Bezos juggernaut.Given the fierce competition in the space -- Prime now has 90 million members, reaching 63 percent of all Amazon shoppers in the U.S. -- I would not expect much in the way of anti-trust concerns.Apple has already bought back shares of stock in excess of $200 billion.
            

                4
            
         A purchase of Netflix would require swapping about 1 1/3 shares of Apple stock for each share of Netflix (which closed Monday at $174.25 and $200.13 respectively). Google’s purchase of YouTube Inc. and Amazon’s purchase of Whole Foods Market Inc. led both companies’ stocks to surge in excess of the purchase price, making the buys practically free. I doubt we will see that here, as Netflix is a much larger and more expensive buy. Wall Street also historically misunderstands what Apple does and won’t see how valuable the content deal is to Apple; recall the pushback on the original iMac, iPhone and iPad rollouts.Outside of phones and tablets, Apple has not been competing well, especially in content.
            

                5
            
         Its software is starting to become sloppy; it has ceded a giant lead in voice to Amazon; Apple TV has fallen behind video-streaming services Google Chromecast and Amazon Fire Stick (not to mention Amazon Prime video as well). Apple TV has fallen well behind Roku and Fire Stick for innovation. Apple TV charges a premium over its competitors, but the sales numbers have made clear that Apple TV is no iPhone. (I have both the Fire Stick and Apple TV and almost exclusively use the Fire Stick.)Oh, and one other thing: The latest smart TVs have web services such as Amazon Prime and Netflix and HBO Go built right into them, so you no longer need the separate hardware to cut the cord and stream video. Take these new TVs out of the box, sign in with your user name and password, and voila! You’re watching your favorite shows. These streaming TV dongles will eventually go away, leaving the big dogs to compete on content.The advantages are many:There are some obvious arguments against:The upsides for Apple are fairly obvious; the biggest downside is the cost. If anything, it might spare us the boring quarterly routine of analysts expecting soft iPhone sales and then being shocked when the company beats to the upside.If Apple passes on Netflix, don’t be surprised if Amazon does not. That alone is reason to make the purchase.This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.I have violated this rule in the past, suggesting in 2012 that Apple should buy Twitter to build out its social network. I would suggest the more natural fit today would be Google rather than Apple. Apple’s market capitalization is about $885 billion, while Netflix's is just under $87 billion. It would require about 10 percent of Apple’s stock, plus a $15 billion sweetener, in cash or stock or some combination thereof.  A recent conversation with New York University Stern School of Business professor Scott Galloway, author of “The Four,” led me to this conclusion. I am not a big fan of stock buybacks, as detailed in “Take Dividends Over Buybacks.” Google’s Android has captured a greater market share for smartphones by giving away its operating system, while Apple’s phones, using its proprietary iOS, capture almost 90 percent of the profits in the sector. Netflix's 2017 revenues have been for $2.6 billion, $2.8 billion and $3 billion in the first three quarters respectively; fourth-quarter estimates are around $3.3 billion, with the year's total hitting around $11.7 billion and estimates around $14.9 billion next year. Om Malik makes the case that Apple’s weaknesses are its internet services and infrastructure versus “internet native giants like Google, Amazon and Facebook. Even Microsoft has decided that desktop is their past. Ask around the cloud-circles, and even the most generous souls give Apple’s infrastructure and its growing army a ‘B’ at best. Whether it is Siri or Music or even the always syncing desktops, Apple’s infrastructure has to work flawlessly -- and not go off for hours at length.”To contact the author of this story:          Barry Ritholtz     at britholtz3@bloomberg.netTo contact the editor responsible for this story:          Brooke Sample     at bsample1@bloomberg.net