Intuit has quietly outperformed against expectations for the past year, supporting a 34% YTD rise in its stock.On its small business segment, the company is seeing success growing its Quickbooks Online offering, converting its core customers into cloud subscribers.For consumers, Intuit launched TurboTax Live in September, allowing customers to videochat with tax professionals, helping Intuit to grab share against professional tax preparers.Intuit is forecasting an acceleration in revenue growth through 1H18, and its full-year forecast looks conservative and easily beaten.As a provider of consumer and small-business software, Intuit (NASDAQ: INTU) doesn't get as much of the spotlight as its enterprise software peers do. For the better part of a year, however, Intuit has been quietly gaining against expectations and executing well against its strategy to attract more subscription revenues, build an ecosystem around its core products, and continue gaining share in the tax prep market. Intuit's core products, QuickBooks and TurboTax, already seem like massive and dominant offerings with little room left to grow, but according to a recent investor deck that Intuit published, professional tax preparers still own 46% of total returns in the U.S. and Canada as well as 69% of the spend. Intuit, on the other hand, captures only 10% of total dollars spent on tax preparation.Intuit's first quarter of FY18 was an affirmation of its growth potential. Revenues grew 14% y/y, beating analyst expectations and accelerating both sequentially over 4Q17's 12% growth rate and over the prior Q1's growth rate of 9%. For a company at Intuit's scale (it generated $5.2 billion in revenue and $1.4 billion in operating income in FY17), the ability to not only grow at double digits, but accelerate growth while not sacrificing profit margins, is a rare feat.Both of the company's key segments, Small Business and Consumer, saw accelerated revenue growth in Q1 and made significant progress toward key strategic initiatives. On the small business side, Intuit managed to grow its QuickBooks Online subscribers 42% y/y to 3.4 million subscribers, in-line with its strategy to shift more customers away from its ephemeral desktop offering and more toward its recurring, hosted online version. On the consumer side, the company's September launch of TurboTax Live - which allows customers to consult with tax professionals via videochat and get their questions answered live - helps tremendously against Intuit's goal of "transforming the assisted tax prep" space and gaining more share against the pro tax preparation industry, which still captures the majority of spend during tax season.By no means is Intuit a cheap or substantially undervalued stock; it's a growth play. Based on the company's FY18 revenue guidance of $5.64 - $5.74 billion in revenue (+10% y/y at the midpoint) and EPS guidance of $4.00 - $4.05, the company trades at 7.1x EV/FY18 revenues and 38.5x FY18 EPS. The stock, as shown in the year-to-date chart below, is already up 34% this year:

INTU data by YChartsIntuit, however, is an execution story that deserves its premium valuation. There's no reason why, given 14% y/y revenue growth in Q1 and a forecast for 14-16% y/y growth in Q2, that the company's full-year revenue guidance should only call for 9% to 11% y/y growth. Its expectations look understated, leaving room for outperformance as the company reaches past muted goals.For the unfamiliar, Intuit operates in two primary segments, Small Business and Consumer. QuickBooks is the flagship product in the small business segment, which combines bookkeeping software along with payroll solutions and payment processing capabilities. For consumers, TurboTax is the primary Intuit offering, which helps individuals to maximize deduction and e-file their taxes.As seen in the table below from Intuit's most recent 10-K, the company derived a roughly even split of revenues between the two segments, with 50% owing to small business and 42% owing to consumer. The remaining 8% derives from Intuit's ProConnect software, aimed directly at professional accountants:Figure 1. Intuit segment mix

Source: Intuit 10-KSmall business revenues grew 17% y/y in Q1 (an acceleration over 12% y/y growth in 1Q17) and consumer revenues grew 7% y/y in Q1 (an acceleration over flat growth in 1Q17) And despite market-leading presences for QuickBooks and TurboTax, Intuit believes there's still plenty of room for growth.In the small business segment, Intuit's primary focus is transitioning to an online, cloud-based subscription model and becoming more of an integrated SaaS accounting offering, much like Netsuite is for larger enterprises. This offering is marketed as "QuickBooks Online," (QBO) and total subscribers to QBO grew 56% y/y in Q1 to 2.55 million. According to Intuit's investor deck, nine of ten QBO customers are completely new to Intuit offerings, suggesting that its push into cloud isn't just about converting existing customers, but also opens doors into a greenfield, untapped market opportunity for customers who need an agile, cloud-based offering.Intuit is also seeing success with extending QuickBooks' capabilities and becoming more of a platform offering, with additional capabilities beyond simple bookkeeping - making QuickBooks resemble more of an enterprise software offering with multiple extensions, instead of a simple, single-use case product. PayPal (NASDAQ: PYPL), Shopify (NYSE: SHOP), Square (NASDAQ: SQ) and Bill.com all provide third-party applications built for Quickbooks, and the company is opening up its platform to encourage additional developer extensions. Creating an ecosystem around the QuickBooks brand solidifies its position as a cloud offering that "plays well" with other applications, inducing customers to stay subscribed on the platform.On the consumer side, TurboTax is already the leading software product for the DIY consumers, but as shown in the chart below, the majority of returns (and spending on tax preparation) is still captured by professional tax preparers:Figure 2. TurboTax market share

Source: Intuit investor deckIntuit's September 2017 launch of TurboTax Live is a huge step at beginning to crack some of the "pro" market, highlighted in green above. Many consumers - especially those with more complicated needs at tax time - will never let go of having in-person conversations to discuss tax topics, and are uncomfortable with simply having TurboTax's software figure everything out behind the scenes. As seen on the right side of the chart, TurboTax's live tax sessions have increased dramatically since the launch, enabling Intuit to go after these types of customers and extend beyond its current 10% share of tax spending. The company believes this strategic initiative of "transform assisted," or changing the way consumers interact with tax preparers, is its largest opportunity for growth.Overall, when combining the small business and consumer segments as well as factoring in international opportunities (in FY17, international revenue represented less than 5% of the total revenue base), Intuit believes its total TAM to be $145 billion. At its current forecast of $5.64 billion to $5.74 billion in revenues for FY18, the company is less than 5% penetrated.Intuit started fiscal 2018 strong, posting total revenues of $886 million (+14% y/y), a four-point beat over Wall Street consensus of $856 million (+10% y/y). As previously mentioned, this an acceleration over the previous quarter's 12% growth and the prior year Q1 growth of 9%. The chart below, taken from Intuit's earnings press release, shows the company's quarterly growth trajectory:Figure 3. Intuit quarterly growth trends

Source: Intuit investor relationsThe small business (QuickBooks) segment remains the biggest driver of growth, with revenues of $694 million up 17% y/y. QuickBooks Online subscribers grew to 2.55 million, up 56% y/y. Consumers (TurboTax), despite being in the off-season and not contributing too much to the top line, also saw accelerated 7% y/y growth to $78 million in Q1 revenues.The company was also able to slightly expand its operating margin - pro forma operating income of $43 million, which adds back stock comp and one-time items to GAAP net income, represented a 5% margin, up slightly over 1Q17 margin of 4%.Pro forma EPS of $0.11 was also a substantial beat over Wall Street consensus of $0.05.Intuit also maintains a relatively clean balance sheet, with cash and investments of $808 million as of Q1 balancing out debt of $825 million. The company spent $170 million on buybacks in Q1 and announced a dividend of $0.39 per share (+15% y/y) for Q2, amounting to an approximately 1% yield.Despite this quarter's beat, Intuit stock fell ~2% in post-market trading after its earnings release, as guidance largely fell in-line with expectations. The company is forecasting FY18 revenue of $5.64 - $5.74 billion, implying 10% y/y growth at the midpoint and exactly in-line with consensus of $5.69 billion.Intuit is also guiding to pro forma operating income of $1.885 - $1.935 billion and pro forma EPS of $4.90 - $5.00, a 12% jump over FY17 pro forma EPS of $4.41.There are two key notes to observe on this quarter's guidance: first, it's true that full-year guidance is only in-line, but it appears starkly conservative. Intuit achieved 14% y/y revenue growth in Q1 and is guiding to Q2 revenues of $1.16 - $1.18 billion, up 15% y/y at the midpoint. After two consecutive quarters of revenue acceleration in the first half of FY18, is it really realistic for Intuit to be guiding to 9-11% y/y growth for FY18? Hitting that guidance would imply severe deceleration in the back half of the year, which runs completely contrary to historical comps. As seen in the quarterly growth chart above, Intuit saw the biggest growth numbers in the back half of FY17, during peak tax season for the consumer business. Growth in 3Q17 and 4Q17 were 10% and 12%, respectively, up from 9% growth in 1Q17 and 10% growth in 2Q17. If Intuit can repeat this pattern this year and hold its 14-15% growth rate in the second half, it's bound to overachieve relative to muted guidance that calls for only 10% growth at the midpoint.With the launch of TurboTax Live, it's more than likely that Intuit will make progress toward its goal of taking more share from the professional tax prep market and see a meaningful bump in its consumer revenues in Q3. Intuit, as many companies do, is setting easy hurdles to jump over. Investors shouldn't react negatively and sell off the stock.The second important note to mention: based on Intuit's pro forma operating income guidance for FY18, it's implying a 34% operating margin (at the midpoint of the guidance range) on 10% of revenue growth (which, as just discussed, may be overly conservative). Intuit's "growth plus margin" is 44%, exceeding the so-called "Rule of 40" that governs the profitability relative to growth of software stocks. Companies whose growth percentage plus operating margin exceeds 40, like Intuit, are generally considered superior investment choices and worth premium multiples.The pullback in Intuit's stock post-Q1 earnings is one of the classic well-timed opportunities to buy into growth stock. There's no reason for Intuit to be declining on the back of a strong earnings beat and in-line guidance that appears extremely conservative and easily beatable. The company is more likely to achieve 12-13% revenue growth in FY18 than the 9-11% it guided, if growth trends hold.Given the progress seen in both of Intuit's major product lines, QuickBooks and TurboTax, outperformance seems to be the more likely outcome. QuickBooks' increase in Online subscriptions brings a lot of customers who are entirely new to the platform, and new business is also being driven by QuickBooks' new extensions to third-party applications. TurboTax Live is also a major update to the consumer side of the Intuit business, allowing the company to begin weaning off customers who insist on live consultations with tax preparers during tax season and bring them into the TurboTax fold.At present, Intuit is a ~$6 billion top-line company, but with revenue growth showing strong double-digit growth and accelerating over FY17, Intuit has clearly marked a path to $10 billion and beyond - especially as its TAM analysis shows that it's less than 5% penetrated when considering international expansion, which, to date, hasn't been aggressively pursued yet. When combining Intuit's growth opportunities along with its history of strong execution as well as 30%-plus operating margins, Intuit checks off all the boxes of a solid software investment, as the Rule of 40 would suggest. While the stock has already yielded impressive gains in 2017, 1Q18 earnings affirm the thesis that Intuit is set up for a continued run in FY18, and the stock should continue to enjoy superior gains relative to the broader market.Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, but may initiate a long position in INTU over the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.