
Akron Register
Here will take a quick scan of Earnings Yield information on shares of Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU). Currently, the Earnings to Price (Yield) is 2.50%, Earnings Yield is 3.50%, and Earnings Yield 5 year average is 2.81%. Earnings yield provides a way for investors to help measure returns. Investors may choose to compare the earnings yield of stocks to money market instruments, treasuries, or bonds. The firm will look to it’s next scheduled report date to try to improve on these numbers. Checking in on some valuation rankings, Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU) has a Value Composite score of 69. Developed by James O’Shaughnessy, the VC score uses five valuation ratios. These ratios are price to earnings, price to cash flow, EBITDA to EV, price to book value, and price to sales. The VC is displayed as a number between 1 and 100. In general, a company with a score closer to 0 would be seen as undervalued, and a score closer to 100 would indicate an overvalued company. Adding a sixth ratio, shareholder yield, we can view the Value Composite 2 score which is currently sitting at 59.FCFTurning to Free Cash Flow Growth (FCF Growth) is the free cash flow of the current year minus the free cash flow from the previous year, divided by last year’s free cash flow.  The FCF Growth of Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU) is 0.41378.  Free cash flow (FCF) is the cash produced by the company minus capital expenditure.  This cash is what a company uses to meet its financial obligations, such as making payments on debt or to pay out dividends.  The Free Cash Flow Score (FCF Score) is a helpful tool in calculating the free cash flow growth with free cash flow stability – this gives investors the overall quality of the free cash flow.  The FCF Score of Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU) is 0.929693.  Experts say the higher the value, the better, as it means that the free cash flow is high, or the variability of free cash flow is low or both.Watching some historical volatility numbers on shares of Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU), we can see that the 12 month volatility is presently 18.4431. The 6 month volatility is 16.485, and the 3 month is spotted at 13.9947. Following volatility data can help measure how much the stock price has fluctuated over the specified time period. Although past volatility action may help project future stock volatility, it may also be vastly different when taking into account other factors that may be driving price action during the measured time period.  Heading into earnings season investors often take close note of the volatility levels ahead of and immediately after the earnings report. Price IndexThe Price Index is a ratio that indicates the return of a share price over a past period. The price index of Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU) for last month was 1.02977. This is calculated by taking the current share price and dividing by the share price one month ago. If the ratio is greater than 1, then that means there has been an increase in price over the month. If the ratio is less than 1, then we can determine that there has been a decrease in price. Similarly, investors look up the share price over 12 month periods. The Price Index 12m for Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU) is 1.33816.Price Range 52 WeeksSome of the best financial predictions are formed by using a variety of financial tools. The Price Range 52 Weeks is one of the tools that investors use to determine the lowest and highest price at which a stock has traded in the previous 52 weeks. The Price Range of Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU) over the past 52 weeks is 0.975. The 52-week range can be found in the stock’s quote summary.Quant DataShifting gears, we can see that Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU) has a Q.i. Value of 44. The Q.i. Value ranks companies using four ratios. These ratios consist of EBITDA Yield, FCF Yield, Liquidity, and Earnings Yield. The purpose of the Q.i. Value is to help identify companies that are the most undervalued. Typically, the lower the value, the more undervalued the company tends to be.Another signal that many company execs and investors don’t want to talk about is the C-Score. The C-Score is a system developed by James Montier that helps determine whether a company is involved in inflating their financial statements.  The C-Score is calculated by a variety of items, including a growing difference in net income verse cash flow, increasing days outstanding, growing days sales of inventory, increasing assets to sales, declines in depreciation, and high total asset growth.  The C-Score of Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU) is 1.  The score ranges on a scale of -1 to 6.  If the score is -1, then there is not enough information to determine the C-Score.  If the number is at zero (0) then there is no evidence of fraudulent book cooking, whereas a number of 6 indicates a high likelihood of unusual activity. The C-Score assists investors in assessing the validity of financials. F-ScoreAt the time of writing, Intuit Inc. (NasdaqGS:INTU) has a Piotroski F-Score of 8. The F-Score may help discover companies with strengthening balance sheets. The score may also be used to spot the weak performers. Joseph Piotroski developed the F-Score which employs nine different variables based on the company financial statement. A single point is assigned to each test that a stock passes. Typically, a stock scoring an 8 or 9 would be seen as strong. On the other end, a stock with a score from 0-2 would be viewed as weak.In conclusion, there are a number of signals that can be looked at in order to determine if a company will continue to grow earnings and if they are a good investment for a portfolio.  Potential investors should do all due dilligence before making an investment decision.     

