
Former IDEO Partner Brings Deep Experience in Design Thinking, 
      Entrepreneurship and Innovation
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intuit Inc. (Nasdaq:INTU) today named Diego Rodriguez as 
      executive vice president, chief product and design officer. Rodriguez will 
      join Intuit on November 6, leading the company’s product management and 
      design capabilities, reporting to Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
      Brad Smith.
    
      In this newly created role, Rodriguez will be responsible 
      for the design and delivery of Intuit’s product experiences that bring 
      the power of its ecosystem together for consumers, the self-employed and 
      small businesses around the world. Leading the company’s product 
      management and design communities, he will be responsible for delivering 
      seamless, end-to-end experiences for customers.
    
      “Diego is a well-respected industry leader with deep expertise in brand, 
      digital and mobile design as well as product design and user interface 
      experience,” said Smith.“He has an excellent track record of innovation 
      and consumer understanding that will help us create awesome 
      ecosystem-wide experiences for customers and partners.”
    
      Rodriguez joins Intuit from IDEO as a partner and global managing 
      director. He has held a variety of leadership roles during his 17 years 
      at IDEO. Most recently, he led the company’s process for identifying, 
      incubating, and growing its own new ventures, such as IDEO U, CoLab, and 
      Creative Difference. His previous roles included serving as the managing 
      director of IDEO Bay Area as well as creating a core IDEO design 
      discipline, Business Design. Earlier in his career, Rodriguez held roles 
      at Intuit and Hewlett-Packard.
    
      Rodriguez is also deeply invested in the academic community to cultivate 
      future innovators. He was a founding faculty member at the Hasso 
      Plattner Institute of Design at Stanford (aka “the d.school”), is a 
      visiting scientist at the MIT Media Lab, and is a professor of the 
      Practice Program at Boise State University. Rodriguez was also an 
      Entrepreneur-in-Residence at Harvard Business School for four years.
    
      “I am honored to become a member of the Intuit team — a design-led 
      organization through-and-through,” said Rodriguez.“Throughout my career, 
      I’ve been fortunate to build products and services that empower people. 
      Joining Intuit is an exciting opportunity to create a profound impact 
      around the world and drive prosperity by design.”
    
About Intuit

Intuit Inc. is committed to powering 
      prosperity around the world for consumers, small businesses and the 
      self-employed through its ecosystem of innovative financial management 
      solutions.
    
      Its flagship products and services include QuickBooks® and TurboTax®, 
      which make it easier to manage small 
      businesses and tax 
      preparation and filing. QuickBooks 
      Self-Employed provides freelancers and independent contractors with 
      an easy and affordable way to manage their finances and save money at 
      tax time, while Mint delivers 
      financial tools and insights to help people make smart choices about 
      their money.
    
      Intuit's ProConnect brand 
      portfolio includes ProConnect 
      Tax Online, ProSeries® 
      and Lacerte®, 
      the company's leading tax preparation offerings for professional 
      accountants.
    
      Founded in 1983, Intuit serves 46 million customers in North America, 
      Europe, Australia, Brazil and India, with revenue of $5.2 billion in its 
      fiscal year 2017. The company has approximately 8,200 employees with 
      major offices in the United States, Canada, 
      the United Kingdom, India, Israel, Australia and 
      other locations. More information can be found at www.intuit.com.
    

      Intuit Inc.InvestorsKim Watkins, 650-944-3324kim_watkins@intuit.comorMediaKali 
      Fry, 650-944-3036kali_fry@intuit.com

      Intuit Inc.InvestorsKim Watkins, 650-944-3324kim_watkins@intuit.comorMediaKali 
      Fry, 650-944-3036kali_fry@intuit.com
