Gilead's share price is back to where it was at the beginning of the year.
        This is despite some positive developments during the course of 2017.
        The not so good news is that the HCV franchise can expect another hit.
        Nevertheless, I am more optimistic than I was earlier in the year.
        The last time I wrote about Gilead Sciences (GILD) was after the company released last year's results and guided soft for 2017. Since then I have neither sold nor bought any shares which means I am still long. Hence, I was quite satisfied that the stock finally showed some signs of life in June and made a big jump after the release of the Q2 results.Only three months later, the gains are history, but despite the discouraging recent performance, I believe that Gilead's situation can indeed improve sustainably, and that the share price may recover to the three digit level within the next one or two years.After shares climbed to more than $85 in September, they are now dangerously close to the $70 mark again, wiping out all year-to-date gains. The Q3 figures which were released on October 26 did nothing to stop the steady decline that started in September. The poor performance after an earnings beat and a guidance raise is indeed sobering, so why did it happen and how is the outlook for Gilead now?The Q3 Figures and some ContextDespite a beat on the top and bottom line, the market was obviously looking for more, especially in the HCV franchise. Q2 was a strong quarter in which Gilead reported rising quarter-over-quarter revenues, but in Q3 total product sales fell 9% qoq and 14% yoy. For the nine months, total product revenues are now down 13%.Gilead reported total net product sales of $19.8B of which the HCV franchise represents only 39%, compared to 51% last year. Let's assume, at the end of the year Gilead will generate $8.75B sales with HCV drugs (the midpoint of the current guidance), it would correspond to a decline of 41% from $14.8B in 2016. Particularly concerning is that this guidance implies a sharp drop from $3.2B in 4Q16 to approximately $1.1B in this year's final quarter.The next question is what 2018 may bring, and at which level HCV sales might level out. The trend is clear, and patient initiations on a Gilead drug will be lower at a lower average price, partly because Gilead is noticeably loosing market share for the first time. Not surprisingly, Gilead's management did not provide any guidance for 2018 in the earnings call, so your guess is as good as mine. Extrapolating the estimated Q4 sales, HCV revenue might fall to $4B next year which would be more than a 50% decline and worse than 2017. In absolute figures, it would be a drop of more than $4B, and definitely nothing the non-HCV drugs will be able to compensate.Why I am nevertheless more optimistic todayThe most promising development in my view is the accelerated growth of the non-HCV franchise. Gilead's initial guidance released in February called for $15B to $15.5B, but was updated twice (by $500M each) in July and in October which means that the growing part of the business is expanding faster than originally anticipated.Another way to look at rapidly declining HCV sales is that the faster they drop, the earlier the bottom will be reached, and Gilead can finally return to growth. Let's assume that the worst happens and the company looses another $4B or so in HCV revenue in 2018, but that sales stabilize in the year after. The remaining portfolio will surely not be able to compensate the top line losses next year, but it may very well in 2019.Finally, there is additional near-term potential which may justify a higher valuation. First, there is some hope to built a meaningful business in China. Sovaldi, Gilead's first product in the Middle Kingdom was approved by the CFDA in September, and there is the potential for up to six more drug approvals in the coming two years. At the moment, the Chinese market is not more than an opportunity, and the outcome is difficult to predict, but if it materializes, it could be a quick win. The country is unpredictable, therefore it is hard to tell whether Gilead will succeed on the market, nor do we know anything about the price level. Nevertheless, it is a new and possibly big potential which is not priced in yet, in other words, any meaningful progress in China would come as a positive surprise.Second, after the Kite acquisition, Gilead finally has a new product which will help to grow the non-HCV franchise. Yescarta, Gilead's first CAR-T therapy was approved in the U.S. in October and marketing authorization in Europe is anticipated in the first half of 2018. Yescarta will not move the needle next year or in 2019, but it has the potential to become a blockbuster drug in the early 2020ies.Finally, Gilead's NASH program is progressing, although product approval and first revenues are still a long way down the road. Nevertheless, if the company continues to generate promising results in the running new studies, the market might be willing recognize the program as an asset and to price it in accordingly.Ultimately, there is the chance that Gilead will announce another acquisition after the Kite deal which would give the much needed support to the diversification story after the outlook for the HCV franchise has just worsened.  Gilead Shares are following the Biotech Market againIn the past, Gilead shares generally followed the iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology ETF (IBB). There have been some periods in which they outperformed, for example in 2014 or in early 2016, but generally the direction was the same. At the beginning of 2017, GILD and the IBB started to move in opposite directions, an indication that the market was most pessimistic about Gilead.Since June, Gilead is following the IBB again, although the steep jump after the Q2 results at the end of August as well as the decline that began in October were more pronounced.This leads me to two conclusions. In the absence of company specific news, Gilead shares will likely continue to follow the general direction of the biotech sector, at least until the full-year results are released and there is some visibility into 2018. Consequently, if biotech stocks rally again, Gilead shares should rise as well. The key date for the stock will be the release of the full-year results. A poor outlook for the HCV franchise seems likely and should be anticipated by the Street which means that Gilead can hardly disappoint in this respect.Gilead's recent stumble in combination with the overall weakness in the biotech sector might provide an entry point to initiate or expand a position. I was not prepared to buy when Gilead it fell below $70 earlier in the year, because I already hold a significant position, and I saw too many uncertainties, but this time, I will pull the trigger if shares drop below $70 again.ConclusionThe HCV business still dominates the direction in which Gilead shares are heading. The Q3 results and the outlook for Q4 and beyond were indeed sobering after the strong second quarter. Nevertheless, these developments are not only bad news, because the HCV franchise may finally reach the bottom. The earlier this happens, the more likely it becomes that Mr. Market recognizes and values Gilead as a growth company again.Disclaimer: Opinions expressed herein by the author are not an investment recommendation, any material in this article should be considered general information, and not relied on as a formal investment recommendation. Before making any investment decisions, investors should also use other sources of information, draw their own conclusions, and consider seeking advice from a broker or financial advisor. Disclosure: I am/we are long GILD. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.