
- Agreement leverages X-Chem’s DEXTM 
      DNA-Encoded Libraries and Gilead’s proprietary know-how to enable the 
      discovery of new chemical entities
WALTHAM, Mass.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--X-Chem, Inc. (X-Chem), a privately held biotechnology company applying 
      its innovative drug discovery platform to the generation of novel small 
      molecule therapeutics, announced today a drug discovery partnership with 
      Gilead Sciences, Inc. (Gilead). Under the terms of the agreement, X-Chem 
      will screen its proprietary DEXTM libraries, which contain 
      >120 billion individually DNA-encoded small molecules, toward the 
      discovery of novel, high-value therapeutic leads against targets in 
      antiviral and additional therapeutic areas. Gilead has the option to 
      license drug leads discovered under the collaboration, and will be 
      responsible for further development and commercialization of the 
      resulting programs.
    
      “Gilead is a world leader in antiviral therapeutics,” said Rick Wagner, 
      Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of X-Chem. “We are eager to deploy 
      X-Chem’s industry-leading DEXTM drug discovery platform 
      against life-threatening diseases and identify new chemical entities 
      toward which Gilead can apply its R&D expertise.”
    
      Under the terms of the agreement, X-Chem will receive an upfront 
      payment, potential licensing fees, and additional payments for the 
      achievement of pre-defined research, development, and regulatory 
      milestones.
    
About X-Chem’s DNA-Encoded (DEX™) Libraries and PlatformDue 
      to the size and diversity of the DEXTM library, X-Chem can 
      discover multiple series of novel, potent and selective lead compounds 
      at an unprecedented rate of success against a wide range of targets, 
      including some that previously failed using conventional screening 
      methods. A number of proprietary innovations in library design, 
      screening methodology and bioinformatics underlie the exceptional 
      performance of the DEXTM platform. In particular, X-Chem’s 
      approach to library construction allows for additional chemical 
      reactions to become useable in DNA-encoded library synthesis. Together, 
      these developments result in a much greater repertoire of diversity for 
      small molecules, which cover a range of categories including fragment 
      molecules, small molecular weight heterocyclic compounds, and 
      macrocyclic structures. This diverse library, combined with a heightened 
      ability to detect active molecules, has yielded a robust process that 
      has been highly successful against targets categorized as difficult or 
      intractable.
    
About DNA-EncodingThe X-Chem drug discovery engine is based 
      on a library, currently in excess of 120 billion compounds and growing, 
      generated by iterative combinatorial synthesis of small molecules 
      tethered to DNA tags that record the synthetic history of the small 
      molecule. Every small molecule in the library has a unique DNA barcode 
      attached to it. The library is screened as a mixture using 
      affinity-based binding to a target of interest. Certain rare molecules 
      in the library that bind to the target can be “fished out,” while the 
      rest of the molecules are washed away. DNA sequencing methods are then 
      used to detect molecules that are enriched when bound to the target. The 
      diverse nature of the library produces multiple families or clusters of 
      related molecules that bind to the target, forming a basis for emergent 
      structure-activity relationships. Structure-activity relationships are 
      typically used by medicinal chemists to guide iterative chemical 
      maturation of a molecule into a drug. Based on the synthetic history 
      encoded in the DNA sequence information, molecules are then made without 
      the DNA tag attached, and tested for activity in conventional assays.
    
About X-ChemX-Chem, Inc. is a privately-owned biotechnology 
      company based in Waltham, Massachusetts. The company’s mission is to 
      apply its powerful product engine to the discovery of small molecule 
      compounds against high-value therapeutic targets. X-Chem has established 
      partnerships with Roche, AstraZeneca, Bayer, Pfizer, Alexion, MD 
      Anderson Cancer Center, Sanofi, Janssen, and several other leading 
      pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology organizations, and academic 
      centers. For further information on X-Chem, please visit: http://www.x-chemrx.com/.
    

      X-Chem, Inc.Edward E. Koval, 781-419-6900Senior Vice 
      President, Corporate Development
    
X-Chem and Gilead Announce a Drug Discovery Collaboration on Antivirals and Additional Target Areas
      X-Chem, Inc.Edward E. Koval, 781-419-6900Senior Vice 
      President, Corporate Development
    
