News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.The singer asked for £37m after James broke up with her just before she went on tour - but US reports claim she's walked away with 'just' £3m and her massive diamond engagement ringMARIAH Carey wanted her former fiancé James Packer to pay her a massive £37m after he dumped her last year.But following a battle, she’s ended up with ‘just’ £3m – but she does get to keep her £7m diamond engagement ring, US reports claim.According to The Blast, when Mariah and Australian billionaire James split up in October 2016, she claimed she was too upset to tour, and cancelled several dates on her South American tour.The report also claims that Mariah wanted compensation for uprooting her life in New York and moving to LA to be with James – who is worth £2.8 BILLION.Apparently, James initially refused to cough up any cash – but now, The Blast reports, he’s caved and agreed to pay Mariah £3m – and let her keep the incredible diamond engagement ring he gave her in January 2015, which is worth around £7m.Despite the split – and the fact she moved on with dancer Bryan Tanaka – Mariah seemed to love the engagement ring and continued to wear it everywhere.Mariah and James met at the premiere of movie Hercules in 2014, and went public with the relationship in June that year.James proposed in January 2015 with the 35 carat ring, with Mariah calling James: "an exceptional person, and really… it gets more romantic by the day.”But on her reality show, Mariah’s World, things hit the rocks when the All I Want For Christmas Is You singer called James up – live on camera – and insisted they postpone the wedding because she had to work.James, it was rumoured, was not happy about that OR the reality show.James split with Mariah in October 2016, and there were rumours that everything from her lavish spending habits to his jealousy of her back-up dancers was an issue.Earlier this year, he called the relationship “a mistake”. One that, it seems cost him £10m.Mariah's spokesperson had no comment on the story.Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220 Teen branded 'zombie' after 'having 50 surgeries' to look like Angelina Jolie First picture of boy, 7, who died 'of hypothermia after being stuck outside home' I'm a Celeb forced to deny Amir and Iain's strawberry-gate was fake Andrea McLean looks stunning in first photos of her wedding to Nick Feeney Conor McGregor calls out gangsters who are 'targeting him for pub brawl' We WILL get a Bank Holiday for Harry's wedding — but it's one we already had Car erupts in flames in middle of high street near Christmas market festival Snow sweeps the UK and flakes even fall in London with more on way tonight Poppi's dad calls tot a 'BULLY' - as court hears her DNA was on his genitals Nathan Redmond denies Pep Guardiola called him a w****r, despite lipreader's claimBy continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.