Gallery: Pfizer Inc. is looking to fill 200 new positions in Portage
    
        
            By Al Jonesajones5@mlive.comPORTAGE, MI - Pfizer Inc. is looking to fill 200 new skilled trades, engineering and manufacturing jobs.The jobs are related to work that is ongoing at its mammoth pharmaceutical manufacturing plant at 7000 Portage Road, as well as the expansion it announced there in 2016.Company officials pegged the cost of the two-part expansion at $145 million last year. But last week they estimated that one part would total about $108 million and the other about $42 million."Yes, there are 200 new budgeted positions for 2018," said Robert Betzig, site leader for Pfizer Global Supply in Portage. "But if you think of a site our size, 2,300 colleagues, and think of the Baby Boom wave coming through, there are colleagues (company workers) who will be retiring."He said some are leaving for other reasons but most will be retirements."We're probably talking another 200," he said. "That's what we're thinking. ... So 200 new (positions), plus 200 replacements. You're probably really talking about 400."He said it has not been uncommon for the manufacturing facility to refill about 150 positions during a calendar year.Pfizer Global Manufacturing in Portage makes active pharmaceutical ingredients for other Pfizer locations and other pharmaceutical makers. APIs are the key formulations that make medicines work. The majority of the site's work is production of  sterile injectable medicines that are often used in life-saving situations."We don't make any consumer products," Betzig said. "If you're getting one of our products, you're probably in dire straits. You're getting an antibiotic in the hospital because you have a very serious infection (or) you've had a car crash or some kind of a fall and you've got a head trauma or a back injury and you're taking Solu-Medrol. We're the largest producer of steroids in the world."Solu-Medrol is an inflammation and allergy treatment.Among others, Pfizer is looking for:-Production operators - individuals capable of working in Pfizer's chemical and production operations. That includes running the facility's injectable product filling equipment and packaging lines. It also includes chemical operators, individuals who help run the facility's chemical work centers."We have an apprenticeship program for that," Betzig said of chemical operator positions. "So they go through an apprenticeship program. Those are entry-level positions where they come in."Positions require a high school diploma but no previous experience.-Skilled trades people -- including instrument technicians, HVAC/R (heating, air conditioning and refrigeration) mechanics, machine repair mechanics and automation technicians. The latter, Betzig explained, "are people who program and maintain our automated systems.""Think of things that control a line or control some piece of equipment," he said. "Things are not manually controlled today. They're automatically controlled."While the company will take journeymen in the skilled trades positions, job candidates only need to have a mechanical aptitude and a high school diploma to get started. Work as an automation technician, for instance, starts as a paid apprenticeship. There is a four-year process to become a journeyman. That is done in concert with Kalamazoo Valley Community College.-Engineers across a number of disciplines -- including chemical, automation, industrial and maintenance engineers.-Project managers - typically engineers or other individuals who have managed manufacturing projects and have five tor more years of experience.-Quality assurance and quality control professionals - Job candidates would typically be those with a degree in microbiology, chemistry or one of the sciences. Pfizer works with hundreds of raw materials and has 63 laboratories that do lots of testing.Betzig described the 200 positions as "well-paying jobs" but would not say what the jobs pay.He said the site is in a growth pattern."That's one of the reasons you see us making the investments that we're making," Betzig said. " If you look at the last 10 years, we've invested $1 billion in capital at this site."He said his greatest need now is for well-qualified candidates "who can fill my operator positions and my apprenticeships for skilled trades as well. I need them coming in. ... And I need my contractors to have the same."Those interested in applying may check for jobs at:http://www.pfizer.com/careers/From there, click the panel that says "Connect with us." Once there, click "Search jobs" and type in "Kalamazoo" under search for jobs. It will bring up the jobs you can apply for at Pfizer's manufacturing facility in Portage.''Some things to know:-The Portage operation is one of 63 Pfizer manufacturing sites worldwide. Including Puerto Rico, about a dozen of them are in the United States. The nearest is Pfizer's much smaller sterile injectables operation in Rochester, Mich.-Pfizer is spending $42 million to build a 98,000-square-foot climate-controlled warehouse onto the north side of its main manufacturing building. It will have 12,000 pallet spaces for raw materials, work in progress, and finished goods, as well as six truck docks. The warehouse space is being created so the company can relocate those things out of the main building and have room inside to build a new manufacturing center to produce its Act-O-Vial product.-Act-O-Vial is a small portable device that allows paramedics and others to quickly inject patients with such products as inflammation and allergy treatment Solu-Medrol. The company is spending $108 million on that.-Building the new Act-O-Vial Work Center is a five-year project. The company is in its second year of that effort. If it successfully gets safety and other regulatory approvals, it hopes to have the center up and rolling in 2020 or 2021.-Pharmaceutical regulators continue to raise their expectations for quality and federal standards for sterility and manufacturing controls require the plant to have very stringent rules, procedures and processes. They also require Pfizer to continually modernize the facility.-Pfizer has about 2,300 workers (which it calls "colleagues") that are involved in manufacturing or support functions in Portage. It has about 200 other colleagues there that do other work for the company. On an average day, about 1,000 others work at the operation as contractors, including those involved in cafeteria and maintenance services.-Pfizer has three billboards advertising the job openings in Battle Creek adjacent to Kellogg Co. Betzig said Kellogg, which announced in August plans to idle two production lines, resulting in the layoff of about 223 workers, is OK with the billboards as a means to help its workers find new jobs.-Pfizer's Portage manufacturing complex continues to be Pfizer's largest. It includes 124 buildings on 1,200-acres. The buildings have a total of more than 4 million square feet of production space. It is the world's largest producer of steroids prescribed by doctors.Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters
            Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
            User Agreement and
            Privacy Policy

            © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us).
            The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used,
            except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group.
Community Rules
            apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

 Ad Choices
