 I’m using the 2-stage growth model, which simply means we take in account two stages of company’s growth. In the initial period the company may have a higher growth rate and the second stage is usually assumed to have perpetual stable growth rate. In the first stage we need to estimate the cash flows to the business over the next five years. For this I used the consensus of the analysts covering the stock, as you can see below. I then discount the sum of these cash flows to arrive at a present value estimate. Present Value of 5-year Cash Flow (PVCF)= $69,409 After calculating the present value of future cash flows in the intial 5-year period we need to calculate the Terminal Value, which accounts for all the future cash flows beyond the first stage. For a number of reasons a very conservative growth rate is used that cannot exceed that of the GDP. In this case I have used the 10-year government bond rate (2.5%). In the same way as with the 5-year ‘growth’ period, we discount this to today’s value at a cost of equity of 8.5%. Terminal Value (TV) = FCF2021 × (1 + g) ÷ (r – g) = $21,307 × (1 + 2.5%) ÷ (8.5% – 2.5%) = $362,385Present Value of Terminal Value (PVTV) = TV / (1 + r)5 = $362,385 / ( 1 + 8.5%)5 = $241,060  The total value, or equity value, is then the sum of the present value of the cash flows, which in this case is $310,469. To get the intrinsic value per share, we divide this by the total number of shares outstanding, or the equivalent number if this is a depositary receipt or ADR. This results in an intrinsic value of $52.09, which, compared to the current share price of $36.21, we find that Pfizer is quite undervalued at a 30.48% discount to what it is available for right now.  Now the most important inputs to a discounted cash flow are the discount rate, and of course, the actual cash flows. You don’t have to agree with my inputs, I recommend redoing the calculations yourself and playing with them. Because we are looking at Pfizer as potential shareholders, the cost of equity is used as the discount rate, rather than the cost of capital (or weighed average cost of capital, WACC) which accounts for debt. In this calculation I’ve used 8.5%, which is based on a levered beta of 0.8. This is derived from the Bottom-Up Beta method based on comparable companies, with an imposed limit between 0.8 and 2.0, which is a reasonable range for a stable business.  Although the valuation of a company is important, it shouldn’t be the only metric you look at when researching a company. What is the reason for the share price to differ from the intrinsic value? For PFE, I’ve compiled three pertinent factors you should further research: 1. Financial Health: Does PFE have a healthy balance sheet? Take a look at our free balance sheet analysis with six simple checks on key factors like leverage and risk.2. Future Earnings: How does PFE’s growth rate compare to its peers and the wider market? Dig deeper into the analyst consensus number for the upcoming years by interacting with our free analyst growth expectation chart.2. Other High Quality Alternatives: Are there other high quality stocks you could be holding instead of PFE? Explore our interactive list of high quality stocks to get an idea of what else is out there you may be missing! PS. Simply Wall St does a DCF calculation for every US stock every 6 hours, so if you want to find the intrinsic value of any other stock just search here. Expertise: Economic and market themes, developed markets, market eventsInvestment style: Value, long-short, momentumAudra discovered stock market investing during her senior year in high school and has been investing ever since. Audra also has a masters degree in Statistics from America. Reach Audra at audra.newberry@simplywallst.com.Try us out now!