ADVERTISEMENT
            
                By
                

                        
                        
                            Sonia Amaral Rohter 
                        
                    

Published
                November 28, 2017

Features


			
				
				Dow Jones Newswires
			
                
Merck KGaA (MRK.XE) and Pfizer Inc. (PFE) said on Tuesday that avelumab, a cancer immunotherapy, failed to meet the primary objective of a phase 3 trial in patients with certain gastric cancers. Continue Reading BelowThe trial assessed avelumab as a third-line treatment in patients with gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma whose disease had progressed following two prior treatment regimens. The drug did not meet its primary endpoint--superior overall survival--meaning that patients taking avelumab didn't demonstrate superior overall survival compared to those on chemotherapy, the companies said. Avelumab, which is marketed as Bavencio, was granted accelerated approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma, a rare and aggressive skin cancer, and urothelial carcinoma, type of bladder cancer. Merck KGaA and Pfizer are co-developing and co-commercializing avelumab. "Gastric cancer is a leading cause of cancer death globally with clear unmet needs, and the results provide important insights as we continue to investigate the role of avelumab for the treatment of gastric cancer," said Chris Boshoff, senior vice president and head of immuno-oncology, early development and translational oncology at Pfizer. Continue Reading BelowADVERTISEMENTWrite to Sonia Amaral Rohter at sonia.amaralrohter@dowjones.com (END) Dow Jones NewswiresNovember 28, 2017 09:01 ET (14:01 GMT)Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy