
John Young named Group President, Pfizer Innovative HealthAngela 
      Hwang named Group President, Pfizer Essential Health

NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) today announced that Albert Bourla has been 
      named Chief Operating Officer effective January 1, 2018.
    
      “The naming of a Chief Operating Officer comes at a time when our 
      business is strong as we continue to advance our strategy while also 
      managing a dynamic and challenging external environment, said Ian Read, 
      Pfizer Chairman and CEO.
    
      "The addition of a COO will enable me to spend more time focusing on the 
      company's long term strategic direction, ensuring continued R&D 
      productivity and engaging with government policy and industry leaders on 
      key issues facing the future of the healthcare industry.”
    
      Albert Bourla, 56, has been the Group President of Pfizer’s Innovative 
      Health Business since the beginning of 2016. Under his leadership 
      revenues for the Pfizer Innovative Health business grew 11% 
      operationally in 2016 and in the first nine months of 2017 have grown 9% 
      operationally. Prior to his current position Dr. Bourla was the Group 
      President for Pfizer’s Vaccines, Oncology and Consumer Healthcare 
      businesses where he was instrumental in building a strong and 
      competitive position in Oncology and expanded the company’s leadership 
      in vaccines.
    
      Over the course of his career Dr. Bourla has held a number of senior 
      global positions across a range of businesses and geographies.
    
      Read continued, “Albert is a proven and trusted leader with over two 
      decades of leadership experience and a demonstrated track record for 
      delivering strong business results. He possesses the right combination 
      of skills, knowledge, strengths and a deep commitment to Pfizer’s 
      culture that make him the clear choice to become Pfizer’s COO.”
    
      As General Manager of the company’s Established Products Business Unit 
      he advanced the company’s efforts to build a strong post-patent business 
      by spear-heading efforts that maximized the lifecycle of key brands 
      following loss of exclusivity.
    
      Prior to leading the Established Products business, Dr. Bourla was the 
      Area President for Pfizer’s Animal Health business across Europe, 
      Africa, and Asia Pacific where he successfully managed the integration 
      of Wyeth’s Animal Health Business (Fort Dodge) with Pfizer in these 
      global markets.
    
      Dr. Bourla has significant scientific expertise. He is a Doctor of 
      Veterinary Medicine and holds a PhD degree in the Biotechnology of 
      Reproduction from the Veterinary School of Aristotle University.
    
      Effective January 1, 2018 John Young, Group President, Pfizer Essential 
      Health becomes Group President, Pfizer Innovative Health. Angela Hwang, 
      Global President and General Manager for Pfizer Inflammation & 
      Immunology will succeed John Young as Group President, Pfizer Essential 
      Health.
    
      Mr. Young has held a number of senior leadership positions across Pfizer 
      including as President of the Primary Care Business. He is a scientist 
      by training and has deep knowledge of the company’s innovative 
      biopharmaceutical portfolio having led the commercial and clinical 
      development of medicines in key therapeutic areas including 
      cardiovascular disease, diabetes and pain.
    
      Mr. Young received a BSc in Biological Science from Glasgow University 
      and an MBA from Strathclyde Graduate Business School. He will report to 
      Dr. Bourla and will continue to be a member of the company’s Executive 
      Leadership Team.
    
      Ms. Hwang joined the company in 1997 in the company’s Corporate 
      Strategic Planning and Policy Group. Her experience includes leadership 
      roles within the Innovative Health and Essential health businesses as 
      Global President Pfizer Inflammation and Immunology, Regional head for 
      U.S. Vaccines, Vice President of Emerging Markets for the Primary Care 
      business and Vice President of the U.S. Brands business within Essential 
      Health. In her current role she has been responsible for the growth of 
      products such as Xeljanz and Eucrisa and building a strong pipeline 
      around rheumatology, gastroenterology and dermatology.
    
      Ms. Hwang received her Bachelor of Science in Microbiology and 
      Biochemistry from the University of Cape Town and a Masters of Business 
      Administration from Cornell University. She will become a member of the 
      company’s Executive Leadership team and will report to Dr. Bourla.
    
      Additional members of the Pfizer Executive Leadership team reporting to 
      Dr. Bourla will be:
    
Kirsten Lund-Jurgensen – Executive Vice President and President 
      Pfizer Global Supply
    
Rod MacKenzie – Executive Vice President, Chief Development 
      Officer
    
Laurie Olson – Executive Vice President, Strategy and Commercial 
      Operations
    
      In addition to Dr. Bourla, the following members of Pfizer’s Executive 
      Leadership team will continue to report to Ian Read:
    
Frank D’Amelio – Executive Vice President, Business Operations 
      and Chief Financial Officer
    
Mikael Dolsten – Executive Vice President and President, 
      Worldwide Research & Development
    
Chuck Hill – Executive Vice President, Worldwide Human Resources
    
Rady Johnson – Executive Vice President, Chief Compliance and 
      Risk Officer
    
Doug Lankler – Executive Vice President, General Counsel
    
Freda Lewis-Hall – Executive Vice President and Chief Medical 
      Officer
    
Sally Susman – Executive Vice President, Corporate Affairs
    

      Pfizer Inc.Media:Dean Mastrojohn, 212-733-6944orInvestors:Chuck 
      Triano, 212-733-3901
    
      Pfizer Inc.Media:Dean Mastrojohn, 212-733-6944orInvestors:Chuck 
      Triano, 212-733-3901
    