Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!  Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.  's IBKR  Electronic Brokerage segment reported a year-over-year increase in Daily Average Revenue Trades (DARTs) for October 2017. The segment deals in clearance and settlement of trades for individual and institutional clients globally.       Currently, Interactive Brokers carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)   stocks here   .    Among other investment brokers,   TD Ameritrade  Holding Corporation AMTD  , The   Charles Schwab  Corp. SCHW  and   E*TRADE  Financial Corp. ETFC  are likely to deliver their respective monthly metrics information in the coming days.   Looking for Stocks with Skyrocketing Upside?    Zacks has just released a Special Report on the booming investment opportunities of legal marijuana.    Ignited by new referendums and legislation, this industry is expected to blast from an already robust $6.7 billion to $20.2 billion in 2021. Early investors stand to make a killing, but you have to be ready to act and know just where to look.    See the pot trades we're targeting>>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.