Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! A month has gone by since the last earnings report for Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. IBKR  . Shares have added about 14.8% in the past month, outperforming the market.Will the recent positive trend continue leading up to the stock's next earnings release, or is it due for a pullback? Before we dive into how investors and analysts have reacted as of late, let's take a quick look at its most recent earnings report in order to get a better handle on the important drivers. Interactive Brokers Q3 Earnings Beat as Revenues Improve   How Have Estimates Been Moving Since Then? Following the release, investors have witnessed an upward trend in fresh estimates. There has been one revision higher for the current quarter.  Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Price and     Consensus   Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Price and   Consensus    |      Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. Quote  VGM Scores At this time, Interactive Brokers's stock has a poor Growth Score of F, however its Momentum is doing a bit better with a D. Charting a somewhat similar path, the stock was allocated a grade of F on the value side, putting it in the bottom 20% quintile for this investment strategy.Overall, the stock has an aggregate VGM Score of F. If you aren't focused on one strategy, this score is the one you should be interested in.Our style scores indicate investors will probably be better served looking elsewhere. Outlook Estimates have been trending upward for the stock and the magnitude of this revision looks promising. It comes with little surprise that the stock has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). We are expecting an above average return from the stock in the next few months.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.