Emergencies: 
1-888-877-7267

				Omaha, Neb., November 15, 2017
			Rob Knight, chief financial officer of Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP), will address the Credit Suisse 5th Annual Industrials Conference at 8:45 a.m. ET on Wednesday, November 29, 2017, in Palm Beach, Florida.Interested investors may view the presentation and listen to a live Internet webcast through our website at www.up.com/investor.  Alternatively, the audio portion can be accessed directly through the following webcast link.A replay of the audio webcast will be available shortly thereafter on Union Pacific’s Investors website.Union Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP). One of America's most recognized companies, Union Pacific Railroad connects 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. In the past 10 years, 2007-2016, Union Pacific invested approximately $34 billion in its network and operations to support America's transportation infrastructure. The railroad's diversified business mix includes Agricultural Products, Automotive, Chemicals, Coal, Industrial Products and Intermodal. Union Pacific serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with Canada's rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally responsible manner.Union Pacific Investor contact: Mike Staffenbeal at 402-544-4227 or mstaffen@up.comThe statements and information contained in the news releases provided by Union Pacific speak only as of the date issued. Such information by its nature may become outdated, and investors should not assume that the statements and information contained in Union Pacific's news releases remain current after the date issued. Union Pacific makes no commitment, and disclaims any duty, to update any of this information.