Invest Wisely Earn MoreAsian stock markets declined Thursday after U.S. tech stocks fell and China stated stronger manufacturing as shareholders looked ahead to a key OPEC meeting.KEEPING SCORE: The Shanghai Composite Index shed 0.2 percent to 3,330.04 and Tokyo’s Nikkei 225 retreated 0.1 percent to 22,570.42. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 1 percent to 29,332.42 and Seoul’s Kospi lost 0.6 percent to 2,497.35. Sydney’s S&P-ASX 200 declined 0.7 percent to 5,965.90. Benchmarks in Taiwan, Singapore and Jakarta also retreated, while New Zealand and Malaysia gained.WALL STREET: A steep slide in big technology companies pulled major U.S. stock indexes mostly lower, offsetting strength in banks and health care and erasing some of the gains the market made a day earlier. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite, which is the best-performing index this year, had its biggest single-day drop since August as shareholders cashed in some of their winnings and bid up shares in health care companies and retailers. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost just less than 1 point to 2,626.07 and the Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.4 percent to 23,940.68. The Nasdaq lost 1.3 percent to 6,824.39.ANALYST’S TAKE: The decline in U.S. tech shares, driven by potential tax changes, is likely to weigh on Asian markets, said Jingyi Pan of IG in a report. “The better than predictable Chinese November PMI figures were seen providing little to support prices given a market that mostly anticipates steady expansionary manufacturing figures,” said Pan. “Oil will take center stage with today’s OPEC meeting. While the realization of the technical committee’s recommendation may ensue, reactions could still be a wild card.”CURRENCY: The dollar strengthened to 111.98 yen from 111.90 yen. The euro gained to $1.1870 from $1.1847. (Source: Fox Business)Stock to Watch: Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP)On Wednesday, Shares of Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP) expressed a change of 3.48% and closed its trade at $122.94. The stock exchanged hands with 7,162,983 numbers of shares compared to its average daily volume of 3.18M shares. When trading is lighter than usual, it is said to be “thin.” When there’s more trading than usual, it is called “heavy trading.” Volume is the basic fuel of the market since stocks move up or down in price only when shares are trading hands.The market capitalization (Stock Price Multiply by Total Number of Outstanding Shares) for the company is reported at $96.46B. The company has its outstanding shares of 784.57M. Outstanding shares refer to a company’s stock presently held by all its shareholders, counting share blocks held by institutional shareholders and restricted shares owned by the company’s officers and insiders. After a recent check, it is observed that the insiders for the firm currently own 0.10% shares. There has been an observed change of -2.19% in the ownership of the shares in the past six months. However, the institutional investors are observed to own 81.70% of the total shares. During last 3 month period, -1.11% of total institutional ownership has changed in the company shares.What Historical Figures Say About Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP)?Before trading, trader, investor or shareholder must have an eye on stock’s historical performance. Analysts review historical return data when trying to predict future returns or to estimate how a security might react to a particular situation, such as a drop in consumer demand. Historical returns can also be useful when estimating where future points of data may fall in terms of standard deviations.Analyzing historical data can give some perception of how a security or market has reacted to various different variables, from regular economic cycles to sudden world events. Shareholders looking to interpret historical returns should keep one caveat in mind: you can’t assume that the future will be like the past. The older the historical return data is, the more likely it is to be less useful when predicting future returns. Historical return data for UNP stock is described below:Looking into last 5 trades, the stock observed a return of almost 4.97%. However, 5.65% over the last one month, 17.15% for the last quarter and year to date performance stands at 18.58%.Important Technical Indicators to Consider:ATR value of the company was 2.02 and Relative Strength Index (RSI) was 70.75. The stock volatility for the week was 2.14% while for the month was 1.42%. The stock was trading at a distance of 2.70% from its 52-week highs and stands 22.82% away from its 52-week lows. UNP’s latest closing price was 12.39% away from the average price of 200 days while it maintained a distance of 6.71% from the 50 Day Moving Average and 5.07% away compared to its SMA 20.Analysts’ Suggestions in the Limelight:Analysts have given a mean recommendation of 2.40 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The mean target price as estimated by the analysts for the company has been recorded at $122.89.Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Hotstockspoint.com are only for information purposes. Hot Stocks Point (HSP) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Hot Stocks Point; however, human error can exist.  Hot Stocks Point Staff includes Robert Ebelling, Rene P. Todd, Robert McCormick, Patricia Myles and Frank Redding.Hot Stocks Point Staff believes that there are emerging and growing companies across various industry sectors with sizeable hidden value. Market disruptive discovery and innovation often occurs in small to mid-size companies that are either misunderstood or underrepresented. So they focus on identifying these companies and uncovering their stories before the rest of the market to ensure that you receive the full story – every single day.Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName * Email * Website  
Our mission is to provide unmatched news and insight on newsworthy and momentum stocks to potential traders looking to execute the best possible public and private capital allocation decisions.Copyright © 2016 · All Rights Reserved · Hot Stocks Point