Separate multiple addresses with commas.Edit your personal detailsChange your password
	US stocks raced up higher on Thursday and 21st Century Fox Inc (NASDAQ:FOXA)  kept the momentum going after the bell, adding over 8% to US$31.73 each.
	It came after reports emerged that Comcast had approached the New York-based mass media company to express interest in buying major assets.
	Most recently, Fox executives reportedly were in talks to sell most of the company to Disney. On Friday, shares in the group added 4.20% to US$30.55.
	Elsewhere,  Ross Stores  Inc (NASDAQ:ROST)  added almost 8% after the bell to US$ 70.90 as the clothing and home goods retailer posted third quarter earnings and revenue, which blasted past Wall Street expectations. In the regular session, shares gained  8.83% to US$71.49 each.
	Sticking with clothes, GAP Inc (NYSE:GPS) shares raced up almost 10% after the bell to US$30.22 as it reported a beat on third quarter earnings and saw their third straight quarter of same-store sales growth.
	The firm also raised guidance for both the holiday season and the year ahead. Shares in GAP added 6.26% to US$29.30 each.
Applied Materials Inc (NASDAQ:AMAT) rose over  3.03% to US$59.59 in extended deals, after the firm added  almost 4% in the regular session. The computer chip firm posted earnings and revenue, which beat Wall Street expectations.Shares on Friday's regular session shed 0.83% to US$57.36.
	Elsewhere, Williams- Sonoma Inc shares  lost over 11% to US$ 46.80 after the high end home and kitchen firm posted earnings, which just missed analyst expectations. The group also announced a deal to buy a 3D imaging and augmented-reality company.
	Sales suffered from an estimated US$7mln of losses from hurricane damages, and bad publicity throughout the year.
Ross Stores (ROST:NASDAQ) rallies after reporting higher than expected earning resultsNo investment adviceThe Company is a publisher. You understand and agree that no content published on the Site constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for any specific person. You further understand that none of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, advisability, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter.You understand that the Site may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities mentioned in other products, including company related products, and that those opinions may be different from those obtained by using another product related to the Company. You understand and agree that contributors may write about securities in which they or their firms have a position, and that they may trade such securities for their own account. In cases where the position is held at the time of publication and such position is known to the Company, appropriate disclosure is made. However, you understand and agree that at the time of any transaction that you make, one or more contributors may have a position in the securities written about. You understand that price and other data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made using such data, and that neither such data nor such calculations are guaranteed by these sources, the Company, the information providers or any other person or entity, and may not be complete or accurate.From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.
	21st Century Technology plc (AIM: C21), a leading supplier of public transport CCTV and other monitoring systems, was admitted to trading on AIM, a market operated by the London Stock Exchange, in 2005.
	21st Century Technology plc (AIM: C21), a leading supplier of public transport CCTV and other monitoring systems, was admitted to trading on AIM, a market operated by the London Stock Exchange, in 2005.
			© Proactive Investors 2017		Did you forget your password? Click here for recoveryOr login using...