Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!  CME Group Inc  . CME  is poised for growth, given its efforts to expand the product portfolio, launch new product initiatives and grow its global footprint. This Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) exchange operator remains promising, banking on several growth prospects.       Estimate Revisions  : Though the stock has seen the Zacks Consensus Estimate for current-year earnings being revised 0.4% downward, for 2018, the consensus mark moved north by same percentage over the last 30 days.   Positive Earnings Surprise History  : CME Group has surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate in each of the last four quarters with an average beat of 2.60%.   Growth Drivers in Place    CME Group continuously dwells on strategic initiatives that will accelerate growth. In its latest endeavor, the company has announced launch of bitcoin futures in December to cater to the emerging demand of evolving cryptocurrency markets.    In a bid to focus on over-the-counter clearing services on interest rate swaps and foreign exchange, CME Group will exit its credit default swap clearing business by mid-2018. The transaction will free up $650 million as clearing member capital.    CME Group also announced to shut down its London-based derivatives exchange and clearing house, CME Europe and CME Clearing Europe that will result in annual savings between $10 million and $12 million. This move will primarily impact the company's fortunes in 2018 as well as free up over $150 million capital.    CME Group's top line demonstrates continuous improvement, banking on higher clearing and transaction fees besides access and communication fees. Average daily volume has also been increasing over the last several years. Given its sturdy market position with diverse derivative product lines and a vast global reach, we expect the momentum to continue.    Though the company has been witnessing expenses on the rise, the first three quarters of 2017 however, benefited from lower expenses. Management projects its adjusted total operating expenses guidance, excluding licensing fees, to be $1.08 billion. The figure is flat with the level in 2016.    A strong operational performance helps the company enjoy a healthy capital position. This in turn supports effective capital deployment including shareholder-friendly moves.   Stocks to Consider    Some better-ranked stocks from the finance sector are MGIC Investment Corporation MTG  , Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation IPCC  and Torchmark Corporation TMK  .    MGIC Investment provides private mortgage insurance and ancillary services to lenders and government sponsored entities in the United States. The company delivered an average four-quarter positive surprise of 2.17%. The stock flaunts a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) .You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .    Infinity Property and Casualty provides personal automobile insurance products in the United States. The company's average four-quarter positive surprise is 300.65% and it sports a Zacks Rank of 1.    Torchmark provides various life and health insurance products, and annuities in the United States, Canada and New Zealand. The company pulled off an average four-quarter positive surprise of 2.17%. The stock carries a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy).   Investor Alert: Breakthroughs Pending    A medical advance is now at the flashpoint between theory and realization. Billions of dollars in research have poured into it. Companies are already generating substantial revenue, and even more wondrous products are in the pipeline.    Cures for a variety of deadly diseases are in sight, and so are big potential profits for early investors. Zacks names 5 stocks to buy now.  Click here to see them >>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.