




 



 News provided byNov 07, 2017, 06:20 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, Nov. 07, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --If you want a Stock Review on BGCP, CME, IBKR, or LPLA then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report. Firms in the National Investment Brokerage space are also known as wire houses. They maintain networks of hundreds of offices worldwide and offer clients many financial services beyond investment management. Ahead of today's trading session, DailyStockTracker.com presents four equities in this industry to see how they have fared at the close of the last trading session: BGC Partners Inc. (NASDAQ:   BGCP), CME Group Inc. (NASDAQ:   CME), Interactive Brokers Group Inc. (NASDAQ:   IBKR), and LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:   LPLA). Learn more about these stocks by downloading their comprehensive and free reports from DailyStockTracker.com member's area at: http://dailystocktracker.com/register/BGC PartnersOn Monday, shares in New York headquartered BGC Partners Inc. rose 1.85%, ending the day at $15.44. The stock recorded a trading volume of 1.48 million shares. The Company's shares have surged 21.00% over the previous three months and 50.93% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 6.70% and 23.69%, respectively. Moreover, shares of BGC Partners have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 55.59.  On October 19th, 2017, Capitalab, a division of BGC Brokers L.P. which is an entity within BGC Partners group of companies, announced that its Initial Margin Optimization service has successfully executed its first production cycle, reducing Interest Rates Delta, Vega, and Curvature counterparty risks simultaneously across Euro, US Dollar, Sterling, and Japanese Yen currencies, reducing bilateral initial margin and controlling cleared initial margin at the central counterparty. BGCP complete research report is just a click away at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=BGCPCME GroupShares in Chicago, Illinois headquartered CME Group Inc. ended the day 1.36% lower at $138.16 with a total trading volume of 1.08 million shares. In the last month and the previous three months, the stock has gained 0.70% and 10.74%, respectively. Additionally, the Company's shares have advanced 19.77% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 3.45% and 11.15%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of CME Group have an RSI of 57.97.  On October 16th, 2017, research firm RBC Capital Markets reiterated its 'Outperform' rating on the Company's stock with an increase of the target price from $135 a share to $147 a share.On November 02nd, 2017, CME Group announced that Leo Melamed, its Chairman Emeritus, was conferred the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold and Silver Star, by the Government of Japan. Melamed was recognized for initiating financial futures worldwide, for his outstanding contribution to Japan-US relationship, and for promoting recognition of Consul General Chiune Sugihara's life-saving deeds during World War II. The complimentary report on CME can be downloaded at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=CMEInteractive Brokers GroupAt the close of trading on Monday, shares in Greenwich, Connecticut headquartered Interactive Brokers Group Inc. finished 0.80% higher at $54.36 with a total trading volume of 367,916 shares. The stock has advanced 14.56% in the last one month, 34.79% over the previous three months, and 48.89% on an YTD basis. The Company's shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 17.40% and 38.17%, respectively. Additionally, shares of the Company have an RSI of 77.08.  On October 17th, 2017, Interactive Brokers' Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.10 per share. This dividend is payable on December 14th, 2017, to shareholders of record as of December 01st, 2017. Sign up for your complimentary research report on IBKR at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=IBKRLPL Financial HoldingsBoston, Massachusetts-based LPL Financial Holdings Inc.'s shares recorded a trading volume of 1.08 million shares at the end of yesterday's session, which was above their three months average volume of 715,800 shares. The stock closed the day 0.36% higher at $50.21. The Company's shares have advanced 9.56% in the previous three months and 42.60% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 0.64% and 15.39%, respectively. Additionally, shares of LPL Financial, which together with its subsidiaries, provides an integrated platform of brokerage and investment advisory services to independent financial advisors in the US, have an RSI of 46.18.  On October 18th, 2017, LPL Financial LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of LPL Financial Holdings, has announced John Lynch joined LPL as executive vice president and chief investment strategist. In his role, Lynch leads the LPL Investment Research team, which consists of 12 analysts. He is responsible for economic and market analysis, investment strategy, asset allocation, and portfolio management as well as communicating with advisors, investors, and the media. Get free access to your research report on LPLA at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=LPLA--Daily Stock Tracker:Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.  NO WARRANTYDST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERINGThis document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/CONTACTFor any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at:Email: contact@dailystocktracker.comPhone number: (207)331-3313Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South AfricaCFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/technical-reports-on-investment-brokerage-equities----bgc-partners-cme-group-interactive-brokers-and-lpl-financial-300550771.htmlSOURCE dailystocktracker.comNov 07, 2017, 06:25 ETPreview: Daily Technical Summary Reports on Oil & Gas Stocks -- QEP Resources, Centennial Resource Development, Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, and TransCanadaNov 07, 2017, 06:15 ETPreview: Technical Snapshots for These Metals & Minerals Stocks -- Turquoise Hill Resources, Vedanta, Taseko Mines, and Ferroglobe More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 07, 2017, 06:20 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat