 CME Group Inc (NASDAQ:CME) generated a below-average return on equity of 7.11% in the past 12 months, while its industry returned 11.73%. Though CME’s recent performance is underwhelming, it is useful to understand what ROE is made up of and how it should be interpreted. Knowing these components can change your views on CME’s below-average returns. I will take you through how metrics such as financial leverage impact ROE which may affect the overall sustainability of CME’s returns. Check out our latest analysis for CME Group  Firstly, Return on Equity, or ROE, is simply the percentage of last years’ earning against the book value of shareholders’ equity. It essentially shows how much CME can generate in earnings given the amount of equity it has raised. Investors seeking to maximise their return in the Financial Exchanges and Data industry may want to choose the highest returning stock. However, this can be deceiving as each company has varying costs of equity and debt levels, which could exaggeratedly push up ROE at the same time as accumulating high interest expense.Return on Equity = Net Profit ÷ Shareholders Equity Returns are usually compared to costs to measure the efficiency of capital. CME’s cost of equity is 8.89%. Since CME’s return does not cover its cost, with a difference of -1.78%, this means its current use of equity is not efficient and not sustainable. Very simply, CME pays more for its capital than what it generates in return. ROE can be broken down into three different ratios: net profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage. This is called the Dupont Formula:ROE = profit margin × asset turnover × financial leverageROE = (annual net profit ÷ sales) × (sales ÷ assets) × (assets ÷ shareholders’ equity)ROE = annual net profit ÷ shareholders’ equity Essentially, profit margin shows how much money the company makes after paying for all its expenses. Asset turnover reveals how much revenue can be generated from CME’s asset base. And finally, financial leverage is simply how much of assets are funded by equity, which exhibits how sustainable CME’s capital structure is. We can assess whether CME is fuelling ROE by excessively raising debt. Ideally, CME should have a balanced capital structure, which we can check by looking at the historic debt-to-equity ratio of the company. The ratio currently stands at a sensible 10.70%, meaning CME has not taken on excessive debt to drive its returns. The company is able to produce profit growth without a huge debt burden and still has headroom to grow returns to industry average.  ROE is called the mother of all ratios for a reason. It helps gauge a company’s efficiency by looking at both its income statement and balance sheet. CME’s below-industry ROE is disappointing, furthermore, its returns were not even high enough to cover its own cost of equity. Although, its appropriate level of leverage means investors can be more confident in the sustainability of CME’s return with a possible increase should the company decide to increase its debt levels. However, there are other crucial measures we need to account for before determining whether or not its returns are sustainable. I recommend you see our latest FREE analysis report to find out more about these measures!  If you are not interested in CME anymore, you can use our free platform to see my list of stocks with Return on Equity over 20%. Expertise: Initial public offerings, economic policy, fundamental analysisInvestment style: Growth, long only, diversifiedWilla is an equities master, being personally invested for over 25 years. Having accumulated an extensive amount of investing knowledge over the years, Willa loves educating novice investors on sound investment principles and helping new investors make rational investing decisions. Reach Willa at willa.russo@simplywallst.com.Try us out now!