




 



 News provided byNov 16, 2017, 06:15 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, Nov. 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- If you want a Stock Review on VHC, ANGI, COUP, or EQIX then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report. DailyStockTracker.com reexplores the Internet Software and Services space, which includes companies developing and marketing Internet software and/or providing Internet services, including online databases and interactive services, web address registration services, database construction, and Internet design services. Under observation this morning are: VirnetX Holding Corp. (NYSE AMER: VHC), ANGI Homeservices Inc. (NASDAQ:   ANGI), Coupa Software Inc. (NASDAQ:   COUP), and Equinix Inc. (NASDAQ:   EQIX). Learn more about these stocks by signing up for their free reports on DailyStockTracker.com at: http://dailystocktracker.com/register/VirnetX HoldingOn Wednesday, shares in Zephyr Cove, Nevada-based VirnetX Holding Corp. recorded a trading volume of 285,944 shares. The stock ended the session 3.49% lower at $4.15. The Company's shares have gained 18.57% over the previous three months and 88.64% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 9.75% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of VirnetX, which develops software and technology solutions for securing real-time communications over the Internet in the US, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 36.44. The free research report on VHC is available at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=VHCANGI HomeservicesGolden, Colorado-based ANGI Homeservices Inc.'s stock closed the day 1.10% lower at $11.73 with a total trading volume of 475,642 shares. The Company's shares have advanced 42.53% since the start of this year. The stock is trading 16.28% above its 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of ANGI Homeservices, which provides Internet tools and resources for home improvement, maintenance, and repair projects, have an RSI of 47.57.  On October 19th, 2017, research firm Wells Fargo upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Market Perform' to 'Outperform'.On November 01st, 2017, ANGI Homeservices announced that it closed a $275 million secured Term Loan A facility. The Company expects to use the proceeds of the loans under the term loan facility to repay certain indebtedness owed to IAC Group, LLC, a subsidiary of IAC/InterActiveCorp, and for general corporate purposes. The term loan facility will mature in five years and will require quarterly amortization payments.  Borrowings under the term loan facility currently bear interest at LIBOR plus 2.00%. The complimentary report on ANGI can be downloaded at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=ANGICoupa SoftwareShares in San Mateo, California headquartered Coupa Software Inc. recorded a trading volume of 251,622 shares. The stock ended yesterday's trading session 1.23% lower at $32.85. The Company's shares have advanced 12.15% in the previous three months and 31.35% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 9.26%. Furthermore, shares of Coupa Software, which provides cloud-based spend management platform, have an RSI of 37.41.  On November 09th, 2017, Coupa Software announced that it will report financial results for its fiscal third quarter ended October 31st, 2017 after market close on December 04th, 2017. The Company will host a conference call for analysts and investors at 5:00 p.m. ET on that day. A live webcast will be accessible on the Company's investor relations website. Visit us today and download our complete research report on COUP for free at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=COUPEquinixRedwood City, California headquartered Equinix Inc.'s stock finished Wednesday's session 1.38% lower at $474.42 with a total trading volume of 313,352 shares. The Company's shares have advanced 2.78% in the last one month, 5.06% over the previous three months, and 32.74% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 2.90% and 10.54%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Equinix, which provides data center services to protect and connect the information assets for the enterprises, financial services companies, and content and network providers primarily in the Americas, Europe, Middle-East, Africa, and Asia/Pacific, have an RSI of 51.55.  On November 01st, 2017, Equinix announced that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $2.00 per share on the Company's common stock. The quarterly common stock dividend will be paid on December 13th, 2017, to shareholders of record on November 15th, 2017. On November 02nd, 2017, research firm JP Morgan upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Neutral' to 'Overweight'. Get free access to your technical report on EQIX at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=EQIXDaily Stock Tracker:Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.  NO WARRANTYDST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERINGThis document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/CONTACTFor any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at:Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com Phone number: (207)331-3313Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South AfricaCFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/todays-research-report-coverage-on-internet-stocks----virnetx-angi-homeservices-coupa-software-and-equinix-300557464.htmlSOURCE dailystocktracker.com
http://dailystocktracker.com
Nov 16, 2017, 06:20 ETPreview: Generic Drugs Stock Performance Review -- Catalyst Pharma, Flexion Therapeutics, Supernus Pharma and AllerganNov 16, 2017, 06:05 ETPreview: Pre-market Technical Recap on Investment Brokerage Stocks -- TD Ameritrade, E*TRADE, Leucadia National, and Charles Schwab More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 16, 2017, 06:15 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat