




 




          AWS Direct Connect Available in Four New Markets in North America and Europe
         News provided byNov 29, 2017, 08:03 ET Share this articleREDWOOD CITY, Calif. and LAS VEGAS, Nov. 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Equinix, Inc. (Nasdaq:   EQIX), the global interconnection and data center company, today announced an expansion of its collaboration with Amazon Web Services (AWS) with the extension of direct, private connectivity to the AWS Direct Connect service to four additional Equinix International Business Exchange™ (IBX®) data centers in North America and Europe. The move advances the Equinix and AWS collaboration that enables businesses to connect their owned and managed infrastructure directly to AWS via a private connection, which helps customers reduce costs, improve performance and achieve a more consistent network experience.Effective immediately, AWS Direct Connect will be available to customers in Equinix IBX data centers in Helsinki, Madrid, Manchester and Toronto, bringing the total number of Equinix metros offering AWS Direct Connect to 21, globally. Customers can connect to AWS Direct Connect at all available speeds via Equinix Cloud Exchange™ (ECX), cross connects or Equinix-provided metro connectivity options. Additionally, with the recently announced AWS Direct Connect Gateway, Equinix customers can also access multiple AWS regions with a single conection to AWS Direct Connect.Highlights/Key FactsQuotes"When businesses compete at the digital edge, proximity matters. To be successful, enterprises require superior interconnection. Together, Equinix and AWS are catalysts and enablers of this new digital and interconnected world. By offering AWS Direct Connect in our data centers across the globe, we are helping our customers solve their business challenges, drive better outcomes, and simplify their journey to the public cloud.""Equinix and AWS allowed us to deliver a greater quality of service to our users, and an incredible return on our investment in just one year, by enabling us to create a fast, scalable, secure and reliable hybrid IT infrastructure."Additional Resources          About Equinix Equinix, Inc. (Nasdaq:    EQIX) connects the world's leading businesses to their customers, employees and partners inside the most interconnected data centers. In 48 markets across five continents, Equinix is where companies come together to realize new opportunities and accelerate their business, IT and cloud strategies. www.equinix.com.Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from expectations discussed in such forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, the challenges of acquiring, operating and constructing IBX data centers and developing, deploying and delivering Equinix services; unanticipated costs or difficulties relating to the integration of companies we have acquired or will acquire into Equinix; a failure to receive significant revenue from customers in recently built out or acquired data centers; failure to complete any financing arrangements contemplated from time to time; competition from existing and new competitors; the ability to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds to repay new or outstanding indebtedness; the loss or decline in business from our key customers; and other risks described from time to time in Equinix filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, see recent Equinix quarterly and annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, copies of which are available upon request from Equinix. Equinix does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking information contained in this press release.  View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/equinix-collaboration-with-aws-expands-to-additional-markets-300563404.htmlSOURCE Equinix, Inc.
http://www.equinix.com
Nov 29, 2017, 08:03 ETPreview: Equinix Achieves AWS Networking Competency Status as Private On-Ramp for Companies to Reach AWS More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 29, 2017, 08:03 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat