SettingsCancelSetHi Already a subscriber?Subscribe to USA TODAYAlready a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Manage your account settings.SupportLog OutGet the newsLet friends in your social network know what you are reading aboutTesla shareholders are in for a roller-coaster ride, according an analyst covering the stock. Morgan Stanley's Adam Jonas predicts the stock will be "extremely volatile" in 2018.A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
    Tesla unveiled its new electric semitractor-trailer Thursday night near its design center in Hawthorne, California. CEO Elon Musk says the semi is capable of traveling 500 miles on an electric charge and will cost less than a diesel semi. (Nov. 17)
    APMusk, CEO of Tesla Motors, began dating Heard shortly after her marriage to Johnny Depp dissolved in controversy over domestic abuse.(Photo: Ringo H.W. Chiu, Ringo H.W. Chiu, AP)Tesla shareholders are in for a roller-coaster ride next year, according to the most widely followed analyst covering the stock.Morgan Stanley reiterated its equal weight rating for electric car maker's shares, predicting the stock will rise then fall in the coming year."We expect Tesla shares to be extremely volatile in 2018, divided into two stages: (1) The alleviation of production bottlenecks with strong cash inflow, and (2) mounting concerns over the sustainability of the competitive moat," analyst Adam Jonas wrote in a note to clients Tuesday entitled "Tesla 2018: $400 then $200?"The analyst reiterated his $379 price target for Tesla shares, representing 23 percent upside to Monday's close."We believe such upside [to the firm's price target] is less interesting on a risk-adjusted basis. From a shorter-term trading perspective, we anticipate Tesla's stock price may reach highs in the range of $400 or more over the next few months before facing some more serious headwinds later in the year," he wrote.Jonas expects Tesla will fix its battery production issues in the coming weeks as the company put more resources on the problem. However, he predicts more electric car and autonomous transportation announcements from direct competitors next year will hurt investor sentiment.The electric car maker's shares are outperforming the market this year, up 44.5% through Monday compared with the S&P 500's 15.3% return.Tesla did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Its shares are up 0.6% in the Tuesday premarket session after the call.More: After the Elon Musk show, Tesla questions lingerMore: Tesla flying car? Elon Musk teases 'special upgrade' of Roadster supercarMore: Elon Musk reveals new Tesla roadster, vows it will be fastest car everDisclaimer© CNBC is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
    Tesla has unveiled a new Roadster, the new version of its original sports car. It’s the fastest production car ever made "period," according to CEO Elon Musk.
    USA TODAY