
Morgan Stanley is one of the world's largest banks, so naturally it has racked up a long list of frauds, crimes, and misdemeanors, which it has emerged from largely unscathed, thanks to the unwillingness of governments to tackle corporate crime, especially in the finance sector.

So it's not surprising that Morgan Stanley’s European equity team has issued a report warning that the returns to its shareholders will be hurt more by Jeremy Corbyn and the Labour Party taking office than it would suffer as a result of even the most catastrophic, bungled Brexit under the Tories (who never met a crooked banker they didn't love and solicit donations from). 

It's a surprising and frank admission from the bank, that its profits rely more on friendly governments than they do on competent ones.


“From a UK investor perspective, we believe that the domestic political situation is at least as significant as Brexit, given the fragile state of the current government and the perceived risks of an incoming Labour administration that could potentially embark on a radical change in policy direction.

“Against this backdrop, even if we see good progress in the Brexit negotiations, the scope for UK sensitive assets to rally may be muted, unless we also see an improvement in the government’s position in opinion polls.”



Corbyn becoming PM is 'worse threat to business than Brexit', says bank
 [Patrick Greenfield/The Guardian]

(via Naked Capitalism)

(Images: David Martyn Hunt, CC-BY; Elliott Brown, CC-BY)


	Dissident economic statistician Matt Bruenig (previously) has parsed the latest numbers from the Survey of Consumer Finances, and brings us the news of the increased democratization of student debt: in 1989, only 16% of students and their families carried student debt -- in 2016, it was 44%.		Wells Fargo didn't limit its fraud to robbing 2,000,000 ordinary depositors, struggling mortgage borrowers, 800,000 car loan borrowers, mom and pop businesses, and home owners -- the bank's top foreign-exchange desk bankers robbed hundreds of the company's large business customers, in a move that inflated the Fargo execs' annual bonuses.		The US Department of Education's Free Application for Federal Student Aid program requires any student applying for federal aid for college or university to turn over an enormous amount of compromising personal information, including current and previous addresses, driver's license numbers, Green Card numbers, marital details, drug convictions, educational history, tax return details, total cash/savings/checking […]		
Even when your audience is small enough to fit inside a conference room, presentations can be absolutely nerve-wracking. If you get physically nauseous at the sight of a podium, check out this public speaking course in the Boing Boing Store. With this 16-hour workshop, you’ll discover a wealth of strategies to build engaging speeches and exude […]If you managed to snag a new MacBook on Black Friday, or just want to teach your aging desktop some new tricks, we’re offering a set of 10 powerful apps in our Cyber Monday Mac Bundle. This stockpile of productivity software is worth nearly $500, but we’ve got the whole lot for a pay-what-you-want price. […]The best way to learn anything is by imitating the masters, and the same goes for game development. To help you dive into Unity 3D and get your hands dirty right away, we’re offering the Unity A to Z Game Development Bundle in the Boing Boing Store. This collection features 7 complete courses, each one […]
Read the rules you agree to by using this website in our Terms of Service.We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.Who will be eaten first? Our forum rules are detailed in the Community Guidelines.Boing Boing is published under a Creative Commons license except where otherwise noted. Mark Frauenfelder
     	 Cory Doctorow
     	 David Pescovitz
     	 Xeni Jardin
     	 Rob BeschizzaJason WeisbergerPublisherKen SniderSysadmin About Us
 Contact Us
 Advertise
 Forums
 Shop
 Shop Support