Taking Your Financial Future To New HeightsWall Street’s major indexes came off session highs in afternoon trading on Monday as a more than $1 slide in U.S. crude prices buffeted energy shares and semiconductor makers declined on concerns the memory chip “super cycle” would soon fade.Oil majors Chevron fell about 1 percent, while Exxon dipped 0.4 percent.Micron Technology declined 3 percent and Nvidia slipped 1.1 percent, with the Philadelphia semiconductor index on track to post its biggest percentage loss in more than two weeks.The declines followed a 5 percent drop in shares of Samsung Electronics in Asian trading after Morgan Stanley downgraded the stock and argued that it was “time for a pause” on chipmakers, which have seen stellar performance this year.The main indexes touched record intra-day highs earlier after retailers, including Amazon.com, rose on an expected surge in online sales on Cyber Monday, adding to strong sales on Black Friday.Adobe Analytics said Cyber Monday is expected to drive $6.6 billion in internet sales this year, which would make it the largest U.S. online shopping day in history.“Investors are looking at retail stocks as Black Friday and Cyber Monday have been a good start to the holiday season, and much stronger data on new home sales has lifted the market higher,” said Kim Forrest, research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh.Home Depot and Lowe’s gained about 1 percent after data showed a surprise rise in sales of new U.S. single-family homes in October. Sales rose to their highest level in 10 years, according to the report.At 12:33 p.m. ET (1733 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 35.13 points, or 0.15 percent, at 23,593.12, the S&P 500 was down 0.68 points, or 0.03 percent, at 2,601.74. The Nasdaq Composite was down 11.06 points, or 0.16 percent, at 6,878.11.Stocks came under pressure after media reports that Japan received signals hinting that North Korea was preparing for a missile launch. (Source: Reuters)Hot Stock to Watch: SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: SBAC)SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: SBAC) stock experienced a change of 1.55% in final minutes of Monday’s trading session. The stock closed the last trade at $172.35. Investors mark this stock “active” as it exchanged hands with 1,099,042 shares contrast to its average daily volume of 1.67M shares.To evaluate a picky trading instrument, an investment sector or the market as a whole is termed as Stock Analysis. Stock analysts try to figure out the future activity of an instrument, sector or market. Stock analysis is mainly of two types: one is fundamental and the other is technical. One can easily perform a fundamental analysis by having an eye on data from sources counting financial records, economic reports, company assets and market share. Technical analysis focuses on the study of past market action to predict future price movement.Stock’s Performance Analysis (Weekly, Monthly & Year to Date):  The stock has returned 66.91% since the starting of the year when viewing the starting price as compared to the ending price. To clear the blur picture investors will need to look a little deeper. The stock has returned 4.32% weekly, which was maintained at 17.60% in the 1-month period. The company has the market capitalization of $20.41B while its P/B ratio was N/A. Institutional investors own 96.30% stake in the company while Beta factor, which is used to measure riskiness of the security, was 0.76.Stock’s Technical Analysis:To evaluate a stock further, one must need to review its technical levels at regular intervals. Moving averages (MA) are one of the most accepted and often-used technical indicators. The moving average is easy to calculate and, once plotted on a chart, is a powerful visual trend-spotting tool. In theory, there are an infinite number of simple moving averages, but the most common are three SMA20, SMA50, and SMA200. SMA20 is the last stop on the bus for short-term traders. Beyond SMA20 one is basically looking at primary trends. SMA50 is used by traders to gauge mid-term trends. Whereas long-term trend followers generally uses SMA200 and most investors will look for a cross above or below this average to represent if the stock is in a bullish or bearish trend. At the time of writing, shares were trading 6.01% away from the 20-days simple moving average and 26.59% away from the 200-days simple moving average.Based on a recent bid, the stock is trading 0.62% away from its 52-week high and 79.98% away from its 52 week low. The Price vs. 52 Week High indicators basically gives the clue to identify price direction. Academic research has shown that stocks close to their 52 week highs tend to outperform. This is apparently because shareholders use the 52-week high as an “anchor” against which they value stocks, thus they tend to be reluctant to buy a stock as it nears this point regardless of new positive information. As a result, shareholders under-react when stock prices approach the 52-week high, and as a result, contrary to most shareholders’ expectations, stocks near their 52-week highs tend to be systematically undervalued.Relative Strength Index (RSI): The relative strength index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, and is a technical indicator used in the analysis of financial markets. It is intended to chart the current and historical strength or weakness of a stock or market based on the closing prices of a recent trading period. The indicator should not be confused with relative strength.The RSI is classified as a momentum oscillator, measuring the velocity and magnitude of directional price movements. Momentum is the rate of the rise or fall in price. The RSI computes momentum as the ratio of higher closes to lower closes: stocks which have had more or stronger positive changes have a higher RSI than stocks which have had more or stronger negative changes.The RSI is most typically used on a 14-day timeframe, measured on a scale from 0 to 100, with high and low levels marked at 70 and 30, respectively. Shorter or longer timeframes are used for alternately shorter or longer outlooks. More extreme high and low levels—80 and 20, or 90 and 10—occur less frequently but indicate stronger momentum. After a recent check, SBA Communications Corporation’s 14-day RSI is presently at 74.17.Analysts’ Suggestions in the Limelight:The stock received analysts’ mean target price of $165.10. This is the projected price level of a financial security stated by an investment analyst or advisor. Shareholders can make better decisions if they focus on target prices, which convey more information for evaluating the potential risk/reward profile of a stock. However, analysts’ mean recommendation for this stock stands at 2.20. Analyst recommendations as stated on FINVIZ are rated on a 1 to 5 scale. 1 is equivalent to a buy rating, 3 a hold rating, and 5 a sell rating. The consensus recommendation is the average rating on a stock by the analyst community.Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Wall Street News24.com are only for information purposes. Wall Street News24 (The Investor Guide) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of The Investor Guide; however, human error can exist.Wall Street News Staff includes Dean Petterson, Micheal Harris, Sandra Massie, Sara Williams and William Cook. Wall Street News24 Staff believes that there are emerging and growing companies across various industry sectors with sizeable hidden value. Market disruptive discovery and innovation often occurs in small to mid-size companies that are either misunderstood or underrepresented. So they focus on identifying these companies and uncovering their stories before the rest of the market to ensure that you receive the full story – every single day.Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  

3102 – 231 Templegreen Drive N.E., Calgary, Alberta, CanadaEmail:
zmaonline@gmail.com