INVEST WISELYU.S. stocks jumped and the S&P 500 closed at a record high for the first time in about two weeks on Tuesday, led by gains in this year’s top-performing technology sector.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 160.36 points, or 0.68 percent, to 23,590.69, the S&P 500 gained 16.91 points, or 0.65 percent, to 2,599.05 and the Nasdaq Composite added 71.76 points, or 1.06 percent, to 6,862.48.Major News: AT&T Inc. (T) stock inclined 0.21% to trade at $14.12 on Tuesday. However, the stock fell -6.02% to $13.27 after-hours, as Meg Whitman on Tuesday declared that she will step down as chief executive of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co, ending a 6-year tenure that included overseeing one of the biggest corporate breakups in history.Whitman, one of the most powerful women in U.S. business and a former candidate for California governor, split Hewlett Packard Co into HPE and PC-and-printer business HP Inc in 2015 as part of a plan to turn around the large corporation. She aggressively shed assets and cut tens of thousand of jobs as HPE sharpened its focus on server and networking businesses.Taking over for Whitman in February will be Antonio Neri, a relatively unknown HP executive who has been with the company for nearly a quarter century and presently serves as HPE’s president. Neri is a trained computer engineer and has worked in every one of HPE’s businesses, Whitman said during the company’s earnings call on Tuesday. Neri did not speak on the call.“We have a much smaller, much nimbler, much more focused company,” Whitman said during the call after Bernstein analyst Toni Sacconaghi said the move felt abrupt. “I think it is absolutely the right time for Antonio and a new generation of leaders to take the reins.”Neri will join HPE’s board of directors and Whitman will remain on the board as well. (Source: Reuters)A total volume of 13.73M shares was traded. The Company’s shares have inclined 0.57% in the past month, -39.43% in the last twelve months, and -38.98% on an YTD basis.Top Pick for Wednesday: Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT)Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) has grabbed attention from the analysts when it experienced a change of 0.73% in the last trading session to close at $316.94. A total of 867,707 shares exchanged hands during the intra-day trade contrast with its average trading volume of 991.66K shares, while its relative volume stands at 0.88. Relative volume is the comparison of current volume to average volume for the same time of day, and it’s displayed as a ratio. If RVOL is less than 1 it is not In Play on this trading day and Investors may decide not to trade it.  If RVOL is above 2 it is In Play and this is more evidence Investors ought to be in the name.  When stocks are *very* In Play one can see a RVOL of 5 and above.  The higher the RVOL the more In Play the stock is.Day traders strive to make money by exploiting minute price movements in individual assets (usually stocks, though currencies, futures, and options are traded as well), usually leveraging large amounts of capital to do so, therefore they trade on Stocks in Play. In Play Stocks are volatile enough to produce good risk and reward trading opportunities for both bull and bear traders intraday. Most company stocks have very little volatility. They generally move extremely slowly and they only produce big price swings when the company produces good or bad trading results, which may only happen a couple of times a year at best.In deciding what to focus on – in a stock, say – a typical day trader looks for three things: liquidity, volatility and trading volume. Liquidity allows an investor to enter and exit a stock at a good price (i.e. tight spreads, or the difference between the bid and ask price of a stock, and low slippage, or the difference between the predictable price of a trade and the actual price). If a stock does not have good liquidity then it may take some time before a broker is able to negotiate a deal to buy or sell a stock and the broker may not be able to get the sell or buy price that the trader is looking for. This is a problem for day traders and it could mean the difference between a profitable and non-profitable trade.Traders have different rules for what constitutes liquidity and a good guide is the volume of trades and volume of shares that are traded each day. 100,000 shares traded per day would be a minimum for most traders and some require 1,000,000.Trading volume is a gauge of how many times a stock is bought and sold in a given time period (most commonly, within a day of trading, known as the average daily trading volume – ADTV). A high degree of volume indicates a lot of interest in a stock. Often, a boost in the volume of a stock is a harbinger of a price jump, either up or down.Volatility is simply a measure of the predictable daily price range—the range in which a day trader operates. More volatility means greater profit or loss. After a recent check, Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE: LMT) stock is found to be 1.06% volatile for the week, while 1.21% volatility is recorded for the month.Technical’s Snapshot:The stock has a market cap of $91.74B and the number of outstanding shares has been calculated 289.47M. Based on a recent bid, its distance from 20 days simple moving average is 1.89%, and its distance from 50 days simple moving average is 1.70% while it has a distance of 10.18% from the 200 days simple moving average. The company’s distance from 52-week high price is -1.63% and the current price is 29.10% away from 52-week low price. The company has Relative Strength Index (RSI 14) of 58.87 together with Average True Range (ATR 14) of 3.65.Stock’s Valuation:Past 5 years growth of LMT observed at 9.60%, and for the next five years the analysts that follow this company is expecting its growth at 4.64%. The stock’s price to sales ratio for trailing twelve months is 1.85 and price to book ratio for the most recent quarter is 43.36, whereas price to cash per share for the most recent quarter are 31.20. Its quick ratio for the most recent quarter is 0.90. Analysts mean recommendation for the stock is 2.20. This number is based on a 1 to 5 scale where 1 indicates a Strong Buy recommendation while 5 represents a Strong Sell.Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Alphabetastock.com are only for information purposes. Alpha Beta Stock (ABS) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Alpha Beta Stock; however, human error can exist.Robert Thomas has over 14 years experience in the financial services industry giving him a vast understanding of how news affects the financial markets. He is an active day trader spending the majority of her time analyzing earnings reports and watching commodities and derivatives. He has a Masters Degree in Economics from Westminster University with previous roles counting Investment Banking.Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Our mission is to provide unmatched news and insight on newsworthy and momentum stocks to potential traders looking to execute the best possible public and private capital allocation decisions.120 Adelaide St W Toronto, ON M5H 1T1 Canada.4165043012contactus@alphabetastock.comWe get your news straight to the search engines that everyone uses, like Google, Yahoo and Bing. Our search engine friendly releases mean that people will find your business more easily.Email us at: Ads@alphabetastock.com