In terms of EBITDA Yield, Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) currently has a value of 5.91%. This value is derived by dividing EBITDA by Enterprise Value.Another useful indicator to assist in detmining rank is the ERP5 Rank.  This is an investment tool that analysts use to discover undervalued companies.  The ERP5 looks at the Price to Book ratio, Earnings Yield, ROIC and 5 year average ROIC.  The ERP5 of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 7233.  The lower the ERP5 rank, the more undervalued a company is thought to be.Looking further, the MF Rank (aka the Magic Formula) is a formula that pinpoints a valuable company trading at a good price.  The formula is calculated by looking at companies that have a high earnings yield as well as a high return on invested capital.  The MF Rank of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 4909.  A company with a low rank is considered a good company to invest in.  The Magic Formula was introduced in a book written by Joel Greenblatt, entitled, “The Little Book that Beats the Market”.Piotroski F-ScoreThe Piotroski F-Score is a scoring system between 1-9 that determines a firm’s financial strength. The score helps determine if a company’s stock is valuable or not. The Piotroski F-Score of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 6. A score of nine indicates a high value stock, while a score of one indicates a low value stock. The score is calculated by the return on assets (ROA), Cash flow return on assets (CFROA), change in return of assets, and quality of earnings. It is also calculated by a change in gearing or leverage, liquidity, and change in shares in issue. The score is also determined by change in gross margin and change in asset turnover.The Gross Margin Score is calculated by looking at the Gross Margin and the overall stability of the company over the course of 8 years.  The score is a number between one and one hundred (1 being best and 100 being the worst).  The Gross Margin Score of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 14.  The more stable the company, the lower the score.  If a company is less stable over the course of time, they will have a higher score.The Price Index is a ratio that indicates the return of a share price over a past period. The price index of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) for last month was 1.01085. This is calculated by taking the current share price and dividing by the share price one month ago. If the ratio is greater than 1, then that means there has been an increase in price over the month. If the ratio is less than 1, then we can determine that there has been a decrease in price. Similarly, investors look up the share price over 12 month periods. The Price Index 12m for Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 1.21503.ValuationLockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) presently has a current ratio of 1.32. The current ratio, also known as the working capital ratio, is a liquidity ratio that displays the proportion of current assets of a business relative to the current liabilities. The ratio is simply calculated by dividing current liabilities by current assets. The ratio may be used to provide an idea of the ability of a certain company to pay back its liabilities with assets. Typically, the higher the current ratio the better, as the company may be more capable of paying back its obligations.The Value Composite One (VC1) is a method that investors use to determine a company’s value.  The VC1 of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 54.  A company with a value of 0 is thought to be an undervalued company, while a company with a value of 100 is considered an overvalued company.  The VC1 is calculated using the price to book value, price to sales, EBITDA to EV, price to cash flow, and price to earnings.  Similarly, the Value Composite Two (VC2) is calculated with the same ratios, but adds the Shareholder Yield.  The Value Composite Two of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 43.The Price to book ratio is the current share price of a company divided by the book value per share.  The Price to Book ratio for Lockheed Martin Corporation NYSE:LMT is 43.162568.  A lower price to book ratio indicates that the stock might be undervalued.  Similarly, Price to cash flow ratio is another helpful ratio in determining a company’s value.  The Price to Cash Flow for Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 15.906388.  This ratio is calculated by dividing the market value of a company by cash from operating activities.  Additionally, the price to earnings ratio is another popular way for analysts and investors to determine a company’s profitability.  The price to earnings ratio for Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 24.932562. This ratio is found by taking the current share price and dividing by earnings per share.FCFThe FCF Yield 5yr Average is calculated by taking the five year average free cash flow of a company, and dividing it by the current enterprise value.  Enterprise Value is calculated by taking the market capitalization plus debt, minority interest and preferred shares, minus total cash and cash equivalents.  The average FCF of a company is determined by looking at the cash generated by operations of the company.  The Free Cash Flow Yield 5 Year Average of Lockheed Martin Corporation (NYSE:LMT) is 0.028175.     

