Stock News & Financial ReportsInvestors may be tracking historical Gordson Hollis Price Index Saturation levels on shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (AXP.DE). After a recent review, the reading is currently E (Empy). Gordon Hollis created the Price Index Saturation indicator in 1998. Over the years, the theory has garnered an almost cult following in the trading community. The Gordson Hollis Price Index Saturation or Gordson Hollis PIS level indicator uses a combination of volume continuity analysis and historical price deviation to create a discernable buy or sell signal. Gordson Hollis labeled these signals (full and empty). Gordson Hollis has argued that the only logical way to approach the stock market is to study PIS levels. When presenting the theory, Gordson Hollis believed that PIS levels were best grouped in what he labeled (bouget) “Bauquets”. Hollis tried to prove that certain PIS Bauquets could essentially hold all the keys to beating (making a huge splash) the stock market.In looking at recent price history, Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (AXP.DE) have been trending lower over the past five bars, revealing bearish momentum for the shares, as they ran -1.53% for the week.  Looking further out we note that the shares have moved -17.22% over the past 4-weeks, 3.43% over the past half year and -21.27% over the past full year. Investors may be watching the ebb and flow of the current market environment and be wondering what the next few months have in store. They may be deciding whether now is a good time to sell off some first half winners or hold on for further gains. This can be one of the toughest decisions that an investor has to make. Just because a stock has been steadily heading higher for an extended period of time doesn’t necessarily mean that it will continue to do so. Building the confidence to make the tough portfolio decisions may take some time and a few good trades under the belt. New investors may be prone to get discouraged after a few sour trades in a row. Anyone who wants to succeed in the stock market knows that there is no substitute for research and hard work. Being able to bounce back and learn from mistakes may help the investor stay in the game and get back on the road to healthy profits.Investors may be tracking certain levels on shares of Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (AXP.DE). The current 50-day Moving Average is 109.83, the 200-day Moving Average is 112.23, and the 7-day is noted at 91.44. Moving averages can help spot trends and price reversals. They may also be used to help find support or resistance levels. Moving averages are considered to be lagging indicators meaning that they confirm trends. A certain stock may be considered to be on an uptrend if trading above a moving average and the average is sloping upward. On the other side, a stock may be considered to be in a downtrend if trading below the moving average and sloping downward.Traders may be relying in part on technical stock analysis. Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (AXP.DE) currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of -77.46. Despite the name, CCI can be used on other investment tools such as stocks. The CCI was designed to typically stay within the reading of -100 to +100. Traders may use the indicator to determine stock trends or to identify overbought/oversold conditions. A CCI reading above +100 would imply that the stock is overbought and possibly ready for a correction. On the other hand, a reading of -100 would imply that the stock is oversold and possibly set for a rally. At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (AXP.DE) is 36.71. Many technical chart analysts believe that an ADX value over 25 would suggest a strong trend. A reading under 20 would indicate no trend, and a reading from 20-25 would suggest that there is no clear trend signal. The ADX is typically plotted along with two other directional movement indicator lines, the Plus Directional Indicator (+DI) and Minus Directional Indicator (-DI). Some analysts believe that the ADX is one of the best trend strength indicators available.The Relative Strength Index (RSI) is one of multiple popular technical indicators created by J. Welles Wilder. Wilder introduced RSI in his book “New Concepts in Technical Trading Systems” which was published in 1978. RSI measures the magnitude and velocity of directional price movements. The data is represented graphically by fluctuating between a value of 0 and 100. The indicator is computed by using the average losses and gains of a stock over a certain time period. RSI can be used to help spot overbought or oversold conditions. An RSI reading over 70 would be considered overbought, and a reading under 30 would indicate oversold conditions. A level of 50 would indicate neutral market momentum. The 14-day RSI is currently sitting at 20.08, the 7-day is at 15.29, and the 3-day is spotted at 20.52 for Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (AXP.DE).Your email address will not be published. 

