Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!  For Immediate Release Chicago, IL - November 27, 2017 - Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include  Johnson & Johnson JNJ  , Novartis NVS  ,  GlaxoSmithKline GSK  and Roche RHHBY  . Here are highlights from Friday's Analyst Blog:   Pharma Stock Roundup: JNJ, NVS, GSK & More  Pipeline and regulatory updates were the focus this week with the FDA approving the first two-drug HIV treatment in the United States and the European Commission ("EC") granting approval to Johnson & Johnson's Tremfya and expanding the label of Novartis's Tasigna. Recap of the Week's Most Important Stories   J&J, Glaxo HIV Drug Gets FDA Nod:    J&J and GlaxoSmithKline gained FDA approval for the first two-drug HIV treatment in the United States. Juluca combines two approved HIV drugs - Tivicay (50 mg) and Edurant (25 mg) - into a single, once-daily pill for the maintenance treatment of virologically suppressed HIV-1 infection. The companies expect to make the drug available in U.S. pharmacies from December 11.Juluca marks the beginning of a new era in HIV treatment with other companies like Gilead also working on bringing better treatments to the market (Read more:  J&J & Glaxo Get FDA Approval for First Two-Drug HIV Regimen  ).  EU Nod for J&J Psoriasis Drug:    Janssen-Cilag International NV, a J&J company, gained EU approval for its psoriasis drug, Tremfya, for use in adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy. Approval was expected considering the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use ("CHMP") had adopted a positive opinion in September. The drug was approved in the United States earlier this year in July.Although the psoriasis market is pretty crowded, about 125 million people across the world are estimated to suffer from psoriasis including 14 million Europeans. 20% of these cases are considered moderate to severe. Tremfya is currently in late-stage development for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis.Johnson & Johnson is a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) stock - you can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here  .  Roche Presents Data on Hemophilia and Cancer   Drugs:    Roche presented positive data on its recently approved hemophilia drug, Hemlibra, from a late-stage study (HAVEN 3) in adults and adolescents (aged 12 years or older) with hemophilia A without inhibitors to factor VIII. The study met its primary endpoint as well as key secondary endpoints with Hemlibra significantly reducing bleeds.Roche also presented positive data on a combination of its two cancer drugs, Tecentriq and Avastin, in patients with a type of advanced lung cancer. The drugs plus chemotherapy were found to significantly cut down the risk of disease worsening or death in the first-line treatment of these patients. Roche intends to submit this data to the FDA as well as other regulatory agencies. Although the data is not fully mature, Roche said that initial observations show encouraging overall survival ("OS") data. The next OS analysis is scheduled for the first half of 2018 (Read more:  Roche Reports Positive Data From Tecentriq Combination Study  ).  Label Expansion for Novartis Cancer Drug:    The EC has expanded the label of Novartis's tyrosine kinase inhibitor ("TKI"), Tasigna (nilotinib), so that it can be used for the treatment of pediatric patients with newly diagnosed Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myeloid leukemia in the chronic phase (Ph+ CML-CP) and pediatric patients with Ph+ CML-CP with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy including Gleevec (imatinib). Approval for this indication was expected given a positive CHMP opinion issued in September. With treatment options being limited for children with CML, there is significant unmet need in this patient population (Read more:  Novartis Receives EC Nod for Tasigna Label Expansion  ).  J&J Seeks Label Expansion for Darzalex:    J&J's Janssen-Cilag International NV is looking to expand the label of its immunotherapy Darzalex so that it can be used in combination with Velcade (bortezomib), melphalan and prednisone for the treatment of adult patients with newly diagnosed multiple myeloma who are ineligible for autologous stem cell transplant. Approval would expand the patient population significantly. Regulatory applications have been submitted in the United States as well as the EU. FDA approval would make this the fifth indication for Darzalex in the United States and the first in the frontline setting (Read more:  J&J Seeks Darzalex's Label Expansion in First-Line Setting  ).J&J has gained 19.2% year to date, compared to the 14.8% rally of the  industry   it belongs to. Want more stock market analysis from this author? Make sure   to follow @      Ryan_McQueeney     on Twitter!  Wall Street's Next Amazon Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It's a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius.  Click for details >>  Follow us on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/zacksresearch Join us on Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?ref=ts Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities (including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such affiliates.Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339    support@zacks.com     http://www.zacks.com Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss .  This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit  http://www.zacks.com/performance  for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.