

Welcome to Digital Health Briefing, a new morning email
  providing the latest news, data, and insight on how digital
  technology is disrupting the healthcare ecosystem, produced by BI
  Intelligence.




Sign up and receive Digital Health Briefing free to your
  inbox.



Have feedback? We'd like to hear from you. Write
  me at:  lbeaver@businessinsider.com .
JOHNSON & JOHNSON INTRODUCES HEALTH
  PLATFORM: Johnson & Johnson
  (J&J) introduced its new
  Health Partner platform, which will give patients
  preparing for or recovering from knee, hip, and weight loss
  surgery, easier access to digital health
  solutions. The patient-facing platform will be
  distributed to providers through Johnson & Johnson Medical
  Devices Companies' CareAdvantage program.

  The Health Partner platform will provide personalized
  patient care via three connected digital tools: 
A primary aim of the new platform will be increasing
  treatment adherence, which is a major strain on the healthcare
  system. For example, in the US,
  between 20% and 30% of medication prescriptions are never
  filled, according to a
  review in the Annals of Internal Medicine. This
  is estimated to cause
  125,000 deaths per year and cost the healthcare
  system between $100 billion and $289 billion a year. As
  digital health technologies make it easier for providers
  to engage patients throughout the treatment process,
  adherence will likely rise.Increased adherence could lower associated costs for some
  providers. Patients who
  don't stick to the prescribed medication often
  need to return for follow up care. At least 10% of
  hospitalizations are caused by a lack of adherence. This
  could result in revenue losses for hospitals as a result of
  the Hospital Readmission Reduction Program (HRRP) by
  Medicaid — the
  program financially penalizes
  hospitals with high rates of readmissions.
  Total Medicare penalties assessed on
  hospitals for readmissions is expected to reach  $528
  million in 2017, up 26% from about $420 million in
  2016. 

Enjoy reading this briefing?  Sign up and
  receive Digital Health Briefing to your inbox.
US GOVERNMENT TO GIVE OUT 10,000 FITBIT DEVICES
  TO SUPPORT RESEARCH
  INITIATIVE: In an effort to kick-start
  its All
  of US research program, the US national
  health institute (NIH) plans to hand out 10,000 Fitbit wearable
  trackers to volunteers, according to
  Modern Healthcare. First announced in 2015, All of Us (formerly
  known as the Cohort Program) aims to build a national research
  cohort of one million US participants — it currently
  has around 8,000 volunteers. It will use insights from the
  cohort to tailor medical care to the individuals based on their
  lifestyles. The program volunteers will choose between two of
  Fitbits’ devices — the Charge 2 and Alta HR — to wear for a year.
  During this time, the devices will collect lifestyle information
  such as sleep patterns, heart rate, and physical activity.
  Wearable devices, which include health and fitness bands,
  smartwatches, and other connected sensors, provide a massive
  opportunity for the entire medical field because they can provide
  near-continuous data on the lifestyle of patients. This data
  can be used to help monitor chronic illnesses which could
  help to lower costs associated follow-up care. After collecting
  the data, the next challenge is figuring out how to effectively
  process it. BI
  Intelligence
HASBRO, BROWN UNIVERSITY PARTNER TO DEVELOP AI PETS
  FOR ELDERLY: The toy maker and
  university have joined forces for the Affordable Robotic
  Intelligence for Elderly Support (ARIES) program, which aims to
  help elderly patients monitor things like medication intake and
  illness symptoms and to help alleviate feelings of loneliness and
  isolation, according to
  MobiHealthNews. The Brown researchers will help Hasbro add
  medication reminders and basic artificial intelligence (AI) into
  Hasbro’s Joy for All Companion Pets — animatronic dogs and cats
  for older adults. Solving loneliness and isolation is a growing
  focus in the digital health market. These symptoms can lead to
  poor health behaviors that exacerbate chronic health disorders, a
  major expense in health care. And as the aging population
  expands, projects such as ARIES could help mitigate an increasing
  strain on the economy. In the US, chronic diseases and the health
  risk behaviors that cause them account for most health care
  costs, according to
  the CDC. By 2025, US healthcare spending will account for
  nearly 25% of GDP.
FTC ADDS SUPPORT TO VETERANS AFFAIRS TELEHEALTH
  RULE: In a letter to the Department of
  Veteran Affairs (VA) this week, the US Federal Trade Commission
  (FTC) said that a ruling that lets VA practitioners treat
  patients in any US state via telehealth could have broader
  positive implications for the healthcare industry,
  FierceHealthcare reports. Telehealth
  refers to the use telecommunications technology, such as
  video-conferencing or messaging, to deliver healthcare. The
  ruling initially aimed to solve a regulatory
  hurdle which kept VA practitioners from
  practicing across state lines. This meant that in
  some instances, veterans couldn't get the same level of
  treatment as they could in other states. The FTC letter
  highlighted that the VA ruling could also serve as a
  model of the potential benefits of
  telehealth for a range of non-VA-healthcare
  providers, legislators, and employers. That could create a path
  to more permissive regulation for telehealth. In 2017,
  71% of US healthcare providers said they are using telehealth
  technology to connect with patients, up from 54% of healthcare
  providers in 2014, according to
  HIMSS Analytics. 




BI Intelligence


LONDONERS GET ACCESS TO NEW TELEHEALTH
  SERVICE: A new digital health offering powered
  by Babylon, a leading digital health provider in the
  UK, is enabling patients across five
  London surgeries to consult with their general practitioner
  (GP) via a video link on their smartphones, according to
  the BBC. The 24-hour service, dubbed "GP at Hand," coudl
  eventually provide more than 3 million patients across the
  greater London area access to a video consultation within
  two hours after a user inputs their symptoms. Digital
  consultation programs are likely to become a much larger part of
  the region's healthcare system, not only because they appear to
  be popular with patients — in Fulham where GP at Hand was
  first trialed 90%
  of patients gave the service a five star rating, according to the
  Daily Mail — but also because major resources are going into
  building out the digital health capability. For example, in
  October the National Health Service (NHS) launched a £45 million
  ($59 million) fund that will be used to launch digital
  consultation services.
Get the latest Fitbit stock price here.Welcome to Digital Health Briefing, a new...How the iPhone X could make Apple a $1 trillion company
More "The Bottom Line" » Over a 40-year career, this 'stubborn scientist' helped change the way we think about cancer and genetics
More "The Long View" » Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.  Available on iOS or Android