Gallery: Kellyanne Conway and Robbinsville Mayor participate in a roundtable on tax reform
    
        
            By Star-Ledger Guest ColumnistBy Dominic J. CarusoAs a New Jersey-based company that employs 9,000 workers across the state, Johnson & Johnson commends our leaders in the U.S. House and Senate for taking concrete steps to make business tax reform a reality.Tax reform, when done right, will ensure companies like ours can continue to invest and grow in the United States.Johnson & Johnson is a global company proudly based in the United States, with headquarters in New Brunswick since 1886 and many locations across the country.  Over the years, as Johnson & Johnson has grown around the world, we've expanded our presence to 10 facilities across the state -- from New Brunswick to Skillman to Titusville.And we continue to invest and grow. For example, in 2015, we opened our Consumer Experience Center in Skillman. It's a state of the art research & development hub where we gain insights about the millions of consumers we serve around the world, by replicating real-life consumer experiences -- whether it's a parent shampooing his toddler's hair or a teen washing her face. But growth here in Skillman is dependent on our ability to compete for business around the globe.Unfortunately, the nation's outdated corporate tax code puts higher tax burdens on U.S.based companies than on their foreign competitors, creating incentives to invest in innovative new products outside the U.S.  We intend to remain a U.S. based company and want to continue to invest here - whether it's in Skillman or one of our hundreds of other facilities around the country. We need Washington and the business community to roll up their sleeves and unite behind a bill to jumpstart the U.S. economy, fuel jobs and investment, and level the playing field between U.S. and foreign headquartered companies, which would be a win for America. The House has bravely begun this process, and the Senate has followed quickly with a bill that is similar in many ways but also with some key differences, including a new approach to leveling the playing field among U.S. and foreign companies operating in the U.S., as well as incentives to invest in the U.S. and make it a manufacturing center for the world. We need constructive engagement by all parties to complete the task at hand. While there are still a number of issues that need to be worked out, we have the momentum and it's time to cross the finish line on this once-in-a-generation opportunity to change the future of our country. I have been the chief financial officer of Johnson & Johnson for over 10 years, and I, along with many of my peers, have met many times with our leaders in Washington on the need for business tax reform. I can say that now we have a proposal on the table that could improve the ability of U.S. multinational companies to more effectively compete in the world, strengthen our economy and create opportunities for American workers.As a company at the forefront of science, technology and engineering that employs 45,000 U.S. workers, enlists 15,000 U.S. suppliers and supports millions of customers and patients each year, we've seen firsthand how our broken tax code puts American companies at a disadvantage in the global market, stifling growth and investment in the U.S. Our tax system has not kept pace with the modern innovation-driven, global economy, creating an increasingly difficult business environment for U.S.-based companies that compete in the U.S. and on the global stage. The bottom line is that assets held by U.S. firms are worth more in foreign hands, resulting in job cuts and lost investment here at home.According to a recent Business Roundtable report, the number of U.S.-headquartered companies declined by 25 percent between 2000 and 2015, and the U.S. had a net deficit of $510 billion in global mergers and acquisitions between 2004 and 2016. To level the playing field with other industrialized countries, tax reform should include three fundamental elements: a lower corporate income tax rate to be in line with other industrialized countries; the adoption of a modern, globally competitive international tax system allowing U.S. companies to manage their cash without tax penalty; and greater incentives for innovation in the US. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act takes significant steps in the right direction.This is a remarkable moment for the United States, and I am hopeful that leaders in Washington will work across the aisle to create a stable business tax system in the U.S. and enact new legislation this fall. I encourage all my fellow Chief Financial Officers to support and embrace the efforts of our leaders in Washington to make much needed business tax reform a reality now. Tax reform is vital for our competitiveness around the globe, and job growth and investment here in New Jersey and across the United States.Dominic J. Caruso is chief financial officer of Johnson & Johnson.Bookmark NJ.com/Opinion. Follow on Twitter @NJ_Opinion and find NJ.com Opinion on Facebook.  
            Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
            User Agreement and
            Privacy Policy

            © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
            The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used,
            except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC.
Community Rules
            apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

 Ad Choices
