SettingsCancelSetHi Already a subscriber?Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Manage your account settings.View the E-NewspaperManage your NewslettersChat SupportChat SupportSupportSupportLog OutGet the newsLet friends in your social network know what you are reading aboutMiddlesex County resident Elizabeth Hrymoc is one of thousands of women seeking damages from Johnson & Johnson, the makers of pelvic mesh inserts.A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs
    Lawyer for Elizabeth Hrymoc, who is suing Johnson & Johnson over complications from pelvic mesh, makes his opening statement in Superior Court in Bergen County on Monday, Nov. 27, 2017.
    Pool video/CVN.comPelvic mesh devices developed by the Johnson & Johnson are the subject of a product liability trial that begins Monday in Bergen County Superior Court.(Photo: File photo)HACKENSACK — One of the first of thousands of product liability cases by women who received vaginal mesh implants developed by Johnson & Johnson will be heard in Superior Court in Bergen County beginning on Monday. Elizabeth Hrymoc and her husband, Tad, are suing Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiary, Ethicon, the maker of two pelvic mesh devices that she had implanted in 2008 to control incontinence. Elizabeth Hrymoc underwent three operations to remove the mesh due to complications and claims to suffer from chronic pain as a result. The Hrymocs are seeking compensatory and punitive damages that could run into the millions. Although there have been tens of thousands of similar claims made by women nationwide — an estimated 8,500 of them in New Jersey — the Hrymoc case is only the second to make it to trial in the state. "The Hrymocs are grateful that their trial will finally begin," said their attorney, Adam Slater. "They have waited nine years for the chance to tell their story to a jury and hold Johnson & Johnson accountable, not just for themselves, but for the thousands of other women who still await their day in court." The pelvic mesh case that begins Monday in Bergen County is one of thousands of tort claims against the maker of the product, Johnson & Johnson. (Photo: northjersey.com file photo)The trial, which is expected to last until Christmas, will be held before Judge Rachelle Harz. So far, juries have awarded huge damages in the few cases that have come to trial.In the lone New Jersey case heard so far, a jury in 2013 awarded plaintiff Linda Gross $11.1 million in damages. Civil juries in Pennsylvania have subsequently awarded plaintiffs damages of $12 million, $20 million, $12.5 million and $13.5 million, according to published reports. Johnson & Johnson developed its mesh products as an alternative to traditional methods to combat pelvic organ prolapse, which is a common problem for women. The muscles in the pelvis region tend to weaken with age, which can cause the organs to bulge or slip down into the vagina. Pressure on the bladder can cause incontinence. Commonly known as a sling, the pelvic mesh is made of polypropylene, a porous plastic. The Food and Drug Administration approved pelvic mesh in 2002, but after receiving thousands of complaints, it now considers the device to be a "high-risk" procedure. Elizabeth Hrymoc says in her lawsuit that she was never adequately warned about the potential dangers of mesh, which tends to erode. She had two mesh devices, one a Prolift and the other a TVT Obturator, implanted on June 30, 2008, and almost immediately experienced pain and discomfort, her attorney said.NEWS: N.J. cuts down on number of planned early childbirthsTRENDS: Millennials are staying put in the big city Slater said that women were never fully told about the potential dangers of pelvic mesh, and that once it was inserted, there was no reliable way to remove it. "They were saying one thing in the hallways of Ethicon and Johnson & Johnson about the risk and they were saying something very different to the doctors and their patients," Slater said. Heading to trial, Ethicon stood by its product. Through a spokeswoman, the company suggested that that Hrymoc's pain is a symptom of her condition, not the result of a defective product.  "Pelvic mesh has helped improve the quality of life for many women with serious, debilitating conditions," Ethicon spokeswoman Kristen Wallace said in an email. "We empathize with Ms. Hrymoc‘s medical situation, along with those of all women suffering from stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse." As for the upcoming trial, "the evidence will show that Ethicon acted appropriately and responsibly in the research, development and marketing of its TVT-O and Prolift devices," Wallace said. Introduced in the early 2000s, polypropylene mesh was considered an improvement over traditional methods of treating prolapse and incontinence, which involved surgery and stitches. Similar mesh was already is use for other kinds of surgery, such as hernias. The Food and Drug Administration approved mesh for pelvic organ prolapse in 2002. As late as 2008, the FDA maintained in public notice that problems with pelvic mesh were "rare." But complaints and lawsuits continued to mount, and by 2016, the agency reclassified the pelvic mesh implant as a high-risk procedure.  Download our apps and get alerts for local news, weather, traffic and more. iPhone app | iPad app | Android app | Sign up for our newsletter | Find us on social media: Twitter | Sports Twitter  | Facebook | Instagram | Food Instagram 