Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!The following are today's upgrades for Validea's Contrarian Investor model based on the published strategy of David Dreman. This contrarian strategy finds the most unpopular mid- and large-cap stocks in the market and looks for improving fundamentals. WPP PLC (ADR) ( WPPGY  )  is a large-cap value stock in the Advertising industry. The rating according to our strategy based on David Dreman changed from 71% to 83% based on the firm's underlying fundamentals and the stock's valuation. A score of 80% or above typically indicates that the strategy has some interest in the stock and a score above 90% typically indicates strong interest. Company Description:  WPP plc (WPP) is a holding company engaged in providing communications services. The Company comprises companies in a range of disciplines, which include advertising, media investment management; data investment management; public relations and public affairs; branding and identity; healthcare communications; direct, digital, promotion and relationship marketing, and specialist communications. The Company operates through four segments: Advertising and Media Investment Management; Data Investment Management; Public Relations & Public Affairs, and Branding & Identity, Healthcare and Specialist Communications. The Company has operations in over 110 countries. The Company offers global, national and specialist advertising services from a range of international and specialist agencies, which include Bates CHI&Partners, Grey, JWT, Ogilvy & Mather Advertising and Y&R. It provides media planning and buying, and specialist sponsorship and branded entertainment services from GroupM companies.The following table summarizes whether the stock meets each of this strategy's tests. Not all criteria in the below table receive equal weighting or are independent, but the table provides a brief overview of the strong and weak points of the security in the context of the strategy's criteria.For a full detailed analysis using NASDAQ's Guru Analysis tool, click here Since its inception, Validea's strategy based on David Dreman has returned 119.76% vs. 156.39% for the S&P 500. For more details on this strategy, click here  About David Dreman  : Dreman's Kemper-Dreman High Return Fund was one of the best-performing mutual funds ever, ranking as the best of 255 funds in its peer groups from 1988 to 1998, according to Lipper Analytical Services. At the time Dreman published Contrarian Investment Strategies: The Next Generation, the fund had been ranked number one in more time periods than any of the 3,175 funds in Lipper's database. In addition to managing money, Dreman is also a longtime Forbes magazine columnist. About Validea  : Validea is an investment research service that follows the published strategies of investment legends. Validea offers both stock analysis and model portfolios based on gurus who have outperformed the market over the long-term, including Warren Buffett, Benjamin Graham, Peter Lynch and Martin Zweig. For more information about Validea, click here 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.