 We are going to use a two-stage DCF model, which, as the name states, takes into account two stages of growth. The first stage is generally a higher growth period which levels off heading towards the terminal value, captured in the second ‘steady growth’ period. In the first stage we need to estimate the cash flows to the business over the next five years. For this I used the consensus of the analysts covering the stock, as you can see below. The sum of these cash flows is then discounted to today’s value. Present Value of 5-year Cash Flow (PVCF)= £6,898 The second stage is also known as Terminal Value, this is the business’s cash flow after the first stage. For a number of reasons a very conservative growth rate is used that cannot exceed that of the GDP. In this case I have used the 10-year government bond rate (1.5%). In the same way as with the 5-year ‘growth’ period, we discount this to today’s value at a cost of equity of 8.3%. Terminal Value (TV) = FCF2021 × (1 + g) ÷ (r – g) = £2,026 × (1 + 1.5%) ÷ (8.3% – 1.5%) = £30,195Present Value of Terminal Value (PVTV) = TV / (1 + r)5 = £30,195 / ( 1 + 8.3%)5 = £20,269  The total value, or equity value, is then the sum of the present value of the cash flows, which in this case is £27,167. To get the intrinsic value per share, we divide this by the total number of shares outstanding, or the equivalent number if this is a depositary receipt or ADR. This results in an intrinsic value of £21.86, which, compared to the current share price of £13.23, we see that WPP is quite good value at a 39.47% discount to what it is available for right now.  The calculation above is very dependent on two assumptions. The first is the discount rate and the other is the cash flows. You don’t have to agree with my inputs, I recommend redoing the calculations yourself and playing with them. Because we are looking at WPP as potential shareholders, the cost of equity is used as the discount rate, rather than the cost of capital (or weighed average cost of capital, WACC) which accounts for debt. In this calculation I’ve used 8.3%, which is based on a levered beta of 0.8. This is derived from the Bottom-Up Beta method based on comparable companies, with an imposed limit between 0.8 and 2.0, which is a reasonable range for a stable business.  Although the valuation of a company is important, it shouldn’t be the only metric you look at when researching a company. What is the reason for the share price to differ from the intrinsic value? For WPP, I’ve put together three pertinent factors you should look at: 1. Financial Health: Does WPP have a healthy balance sheet? Take a look at our free balance sheet analysis with six simple checks on key factors like leverage and risk.2. Future Earnings: How does WPP’s growth rate compare to its peers and the wider market? Dig deeper into the analyst consensus number for the upcoming years by interacting with our free analyst growth expectation chart.2. Other High Quality Alternatives: Are there other high quality stocks you could be holding instead of WPP? Explore our interactive list of high quality stocks to get an idea of what else is out there you may be missing! PS. Simply Wall St does a DCF calculation for every GB stock every 6 hours, so if you want to find the intrinsic value of any other stock just search here. David has been investing in the market for the 5 years. Although he doesn’t consider himself a seasoned veteran, he believes 5 years is a lot of time to understand the market and the psychology of investors. He learnt investing strategies and principles from friends working at fund managers as well as timeless books from share market legends like Warren Buffet and Peter Lynch.

Reach David by sending an email at david.owens@simplywallst.com.Try us out now!