

					

						November 24, 2017 - By Dolores Ford
Among 7 analysts covering WPP (NASDAQ:WPPGY), 5 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 2 Hold. Therefore 71% are positive. WPP had 10 analyst reports since August 27, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The firm has “Hold” rating given on Friday, October 16 by Pivotal Research. As per Tuesday, February 9, the company rating was downgraded by Investec. On Thursday, December 8 the stock rating was upgraded by Jefferies to “Buy”. The stock of WPP plc – American Depositary Shares each representing five Ordinary Shares (NASDAQ:WPPGY) has “Buy” rating given on Friday, January 22 by Citigroup. Pivotal Research downgraded the shares of WPPGY in report on Thursday, January 12 to “Hold” rating. Wedbush maintained the shares of WPPGY in report on Friday, April 29 with “Outperform” rating. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Thursday, August 27 by Investec. Credit Suisse initiated the shares of WPPGY in report on Tuesday, November 22 with “Outperform” rating. Pivotal Research upgraded the stock to “Buy” rating in Monday, October 31 report. The rating was upgraded by Liberum Capital on Friday, January 20 to “Buy”. Below is a list of WPP plc – American Depositary Shares each representing five Ordinary Shares (NASDAQ:WPPGY) latest ratings and price target changes. About 67,882 shares traded. WPP plc – American Depositary Shares each representing five Ordinary Shares (NASDAQ:WPPGY) has declined 2.02% since November 24, 2016 and is downtrending. It has underperformed by 18.72% the S&P500.Another recent and important WPP plc – American Depositary Shares each representing five Ordinary Shares (NASDAQ:WPPGY) news was published by Seekingalpha.com which published an article titled: “Dividend Growth Stocks Going Ex-Div October 2nd-6th” on September 28, 2017.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
TRADE IDEAS REVIEW – IS THIS THE BEST STOCK SCANNER?

Trade Ideas is arguably one of the top scanning tools available on the market right

Trade Ideas Pro helps traders find the best setups in the market right NOW

Scottrade and E*TRADE license Trade Ideas proprietary technology for their premium trading platforms. We have fully automated trading available through Lightspeed and Interactive Brokers.Trade Ideas is the BEST Tool for Scanning. I would be LOST without Trade ideas. Ross Cameron – Warrior Trading