Taking a look at Wpp Plc ADR (WPPGY) stock, we have recently spotted the Percentage Price Oscillator Histogram line above zero. Traders may be taking note of this level as a possible buy signal.When completing stock analysis, investors and traders may opt to review other technical levels. Wpp Plc ADR (WPPGY) currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of 3.71. Investors and traders may use this indicator to help spot price reversals, price extremes, and the strength of a trend. Many investors will use the CCI in conjunction with other indicators when evaluating a trade. The CCI may be used to spot if a stock is entering overbought (+100) and oversold (-100) territory. Tracking other technical indicators, the 14-day RSI is presently standing at 42.79, the 7-day sits at 47.91, and the 3-day is resting at 61.00 for Wpp Plc ADR (WPPGY). The Relative Strength Index (RSI) is a highly popular technical indicator. The RSI is computed base on the speed and direction of a stock’s price movement. The RSI is considered to be an internal strength indicator, not to be confused with relative strength which is compared to other stocks and indices. The RSI value will always move between 0 and 100. One of the most popular time frames using RSI is the 14-day. After a recent technical review, shares of Wpp Plc ADR (WPPGY) have a 200-day moving average of 99.19. The 50-day is 88.60, and the 7-day is sitting at 83.98. Using a wider time frame to assess the moving average such as the 200-day, may help block out the noise and chaos that is often caused by daily price fluctuations. In some cases, MA’s may be used as strong reference points for spotting support and resistance levels. Employing the use of the moving average for technical equity analysis is still highly popular among traders and investors. The moving average can be used as a reference point to assist with the discovery of buying and selling opportunities.Another technical indicator that might serve as a powerful resource for measuring trend strength is the Average Directional Index or ADX. The ADX was introduced by J. Welles Wilder in the late 1980’s and it has stood the test of time. The ADX is typically used in conjunction with the Plus Directional Indicator (+DI) and Minus Directional Indicator (-DI) to help spot trend direction as well as trend strength. At the time of writing, the 14-day ADX for Wpp Plc ADR (WPPGY) is noted at 20.61. Many technical analysts believe that an ADX value over 25 would suggest a strong trend. A reading under 20 would indicate no trend, and a reading from 20-25 would suggest that there is no clear trend signal.Interested traders may be keeping an eye on the Williams Percent Range or Williams %R. Williams %R is a popular technical indicator created by Larry Williams to help identify overbought and oversold situations. Wpp Plc ADR (WPPGY)’s Williams Percent Range or 14 day Williams %R currently sits at -49.23. In general, if the indicator goes above -20, the stock may be considered overbought. Alternately, if the indicator goes below -80, this may point to the stock being oversold.    

