Advertising companies are being hit as their biggest clients — who face low global economic growth and technological disruption — increasingly focus on cost-cuttingWPP shares saw their biggest drop in 17 years after the world’s largest advertising company cut its full-year revenue forecast amid lower spending by customers, in particular consumer-goods manufacturers.The stock fell 10 per cent on Wednesday after WPP said like-for-like revenue growth is expected to be between zero and 1 per cent in 2017. That’s down from an earlier 2 per cent forecast.Advertising companies worldwide are being hit as their biggest clients – who face low global economic growth and technological disruption – increasingly focus on cost-cutting to preserve margins. London-based WPP singled out ad spending on consumer goods – items such as laundry detergent and toothpaste, which make up about one-third of its revenue – as coming under particular pressure.Consumer goods giant Unilever, one of WPP’s biggest customers, said earlier this year it was reducing the number of ads it makes by 30 per cent and that it would halve the number of creative agencies it works with to 1,500 from 3,000.“In the last year or so, growth has become even more difficult to find,” chief executive Martin Sorrell said in a statement. “For the short-term, we have to weather the storm.”The stock fell as low as 1,396p and was down 10 per cent to 1,434p when trading closed in London. Rival Publicis declined 3.1 per cent in Paris.WPP, which also works for brands such as Ford and Marks and Spencer, had already seen its shares fall 12 per cent this year through Tuesday amid the difficult economic climate and pressure on its businesses in North America. In March, the stock had its biggest drop since the financial crisis when the company projected its initial 2 per cent growth forecast, the slowest pace since 2009.In the second quarter, WPP’s like-for-like net sales fell 0.5 per cent with July declining 2.6 per cent, and North America and Western Continental Europe were the poorest performing regions.James Farrar (left) and Yaseen Aslam arriving at the Employment Appeals Tribunal in London, where they won a decisive victory against Uber on ruling over holiday pay. The ride hailing firm will now have to pay minimum wage and sick pay. PA Wire/PA ImagesGender pay was in the spotlight on Friday with Equal Pay Day. Campaign group Fawcett Society said it would take 100 years to close the current gender pay gap. Pop star and celebrity entreprenuer Will.i.am saw his tech startup raise $117m (£89m) in venture funding. Facebook is in negotiations to lease a new London office close to the planned headquarters of Google, two people with knowledge of the talks said.

The company plans to lease at least 400,000 square feet (37,000 square meters) of space at the King’s Cross Central development, where Google parent Alphabet will develop its new UK headquarters, according to sources.PA Archive/PA ImagesThe UK government agreed to a $2bn (£1.5bn) loan guarantee for Saudi Aramco at a time that the country has been courting the Saudi energy giant for the world’s largest initial public offering. US President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe are also lobbying Riyadh to attract Aramco to their domestic exchanges.REUTERSThe European Union and Britain will not be able to reach a comprehensive deal on their future economic relations by a two-year exit deadline, Germany’s largest industry group BDI said on Friday, adding that the threat of a hard Brexit was high.Lidl opening its largest warehouse on Friday in Exeter, spurring 500 new jobs in the local area. Google attacked the EU for basing its record breaking £2.1bn fine as based on "untested antitrust theories" and ignoring pressure exerted from the likes of Amazon and eBay.REUTERS“Some of the weakness was expected, however this is still an incremental disappointment,” Tamsin Garrity, an analyst at Jefferies Group, said in a research note.WPP said that it didn’t experience any significant loss in revenue from clients or of data from a cyberattack it suffered in June. The attack took down WPP’s website and caused disruptions across businesses including the creative agency Ogilvy and Mather, a person familiar with the matter said at the time.BloombergWe use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more.We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker.Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics.Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free.Thank you for your support.How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.ukThank you for supporting independent.co.uk