Xilinx Inc. (XLNX) has surged 1.16% and closed its last trading session at $72.64.Insider TradingInsider Trading is buying and selling of a security by a person who has access to material information related to a security that is not available to general public. It can be both illegal and legal. For instance, insider trading is illicit when the trader has special information, which is not available to other shareholders.Sr. Vice President at Xilinx Inc., PENG VICTOR on 2017-11-16 Sell 25000 shares of the company at a price of $72. Similarly, the company’s Director VANDERSLICE ELIZABETH W on 2017-11-16 Sell 2500 shares of the company at a price of $72.2.Now we will discuss the financial strength of Xilinx Inc.. The company’s average Piotroski F-Score: 7 during the last 7 years. Its mean Altman Z-Score: 6.59 during the last 7 years, while average Beneish M-Score: -2.48 during the last 7 years.Revenue growth shows increase or decrease in sales over time. It is used to find out how fast a business is expanding. The average revenue per share growth rate of Xilinx Inc. during the past 12 months was 7.3 percent.EBITDA margin is an indicator of a company’s operating profitability as a percentage of its overall revenue. It is equal to earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) divided by overall revenue. Xilinx Inc.’s average EBITDA per Share Growth Rate was 2.8 percent during the past 12 months.The Relative Strength Index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, is a momentum oscillator that calculates the speed and change of price movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Relative Strength Index (RSI-14) for Xilinx Inc. (XLNX) is at 53.17.Analysts look for public financial statements, listen in on conference calls and talk to managers and customers of a company in order to reach an opinion and communicate the value of a stock. Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides if their stock is a “buy,” sell” or hold.”Xilinx Inc. was covered by a number of analysts recently, 2 rated the stock as Buy, 5 rated Outperform, 16 rated Hold, 2 gave an Underperform and 0 rated sell.Earnings per share (EPS) is the portion of a company’s profit allocated to each outstanding share of common stock. Earnings per share serves as an indicator of a company’s profitability. Consensus earnings estimates are far from perfect, but they are watched by many investors and play an important role in measuring the appropriate valuation for a stock. Investors measure stock performance on the basis of a company’s earnings power. To make a proper assessment, investors seek a sound estimate of this year’s and next year’s earnings per share (EPS), as well as a strong sense of how much the company will earn even farther down the road.The company’s Average Earnings Estimate for the Current Fiscal quarter is $0.54, according to consensus of 22 analysts. They are also projecting the Low EPS estimate of $0.53 and the High EPS estimate of $0.56. Comparatively, Xilinx Inc. posted earnings of $0 per share in the same quarter last year.Revenue is the amount of money that a company actually receives during a specific period, including discounts and deductions for returned merchandise. It is the “top line” or “gross income” figure from which costs are subtracted to determine net income.Xilinx Inc. (XLNX) is expected to post revenue of $605.23 Million in the current quarter, according to consensus of 21 analysts. The high and low revenue estimates for the current quarter are $607.2 Million and $604.1 Million, respectively. The company reported revenue of $0 in the same period last year.The market capitalization of Xilinx Inc. is at $18.45 Billion. The company has an Average True Range (ATR) value of 1.42, while a Beta Value of 1.1. The YTD performance of the stock stands at 20.32 Percent. The Weekly and Monthly Volatility of the stock are 2.10% percent and 1.89% percent, respectively.The SMA20 for the stock is at 0.41 percent, SMA50 stands at 2.06 percent, while SMA200 is 12.43 Percent.