Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!Xilinx, Inc. ( XLNX  ) will begin trading ex-dividend on November 14, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.35 per share is scheduled to be paid on December 06, 2017. Shareholders who purchased XLNX prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This marks the 3rd quarter that XLNX has paid the same dividend. At the current stock price of $71.86, the dividend yield is 1.95%.The previous trading day's last sale of XLNX was $71.86, representing a -4.37% decrease from the 52 week high of $75.14 and a 41.51% increase over the 52 week low of $50.78.XLNX is a part of the Technology sector, which includes companies such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. ( TSM  ) and Intel Corporation ( INTC  ). XLNX's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $2.37. Zacks Investment Research reports XLNX's forecasted earnings growth in 2018 as 11.79%, compared to an industry average of 11.8%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit the XLNX Dividend History  page. Our  Dividend Calendar  has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today. Interested in gaining exposure to XLNX through an Exchange Traded Fund [ETF]?   The following ETF(s) have XLNX as a top-10 holding: The top-performing ETF of this group is SOXL with an increase of 65.88% over the last 100 days. XSD has the highest percent weighting of XLNX at 2.95%.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.