




 




          Designed for large scale acceleration of cloud computing workloads
         News provided byNov 16, 2017, 20:30 ET Share this articleDENVER, Nov. 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) and Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd. today jointly announced the North American debut of the Huawei FPGA Accelerated Cloud Server (FACS) platform at SC17. Powered by Xilinx high performance Virtex® UltraScale™+ FPGAs, the FACS platform is differentiated in the marketplace today. Launched at the Huawei Connect 2017 event, the Huawei Cloud provides FACS FP1 instances as part of its Elastic Compute Service. These instances enable users to develop, deploy, and publish new FPGA-based services and applications through easy-to-use development kits and cloud-based EDA verification services. Both expert hardware developers and high-level language users benefit from FP1 tailored instances suited to each development flow. The interactive demonstration at SC17 illustrates the large performance advantage of the Huawei FACS platform compared to an HPC class CPU-based platform through a video encoding and a compression scenario. Highlighted demos from NGCodec and DeePhi feature video encoding and deep learning capabilities, respectively. The FP1 demonstrations feature Xilinx technology which provides a 10-100x speed-up for compute intensive cloud applications such as data analytics, genomics, video processing, and machine learning. Huawei FP1 instances are equipped with up to eight Virtex UltraScale+ VU9P FPGAs and can be configured in a 300G mesh topology optimized for performance at scale. Both the cloud service and the platform technology for on premise solutions are highlighted in the demonstration. The FP1 FPGA accelerated cloud service is available on the Huawei Public Cloud today. To register for the public beta, please visit http://www.hwclouds.com/product/fcs.html. About Huawei Huawei is a leading global information and communications technology (ICT) solutions provider. Our aim is to enrich life and improve efficiency through a better connected world, acting as a responsible corporate citizen, innovative enabler for the information society, and collaborative contributor to the industry. Driven by customer-centric innovation and open partnerships, Huawei has established an end-to-end ICT solutions portfolio that gives customers competitive advantages in telecom and enterprise networks, devices and cloud computing. Huawei's 180,000 employees worldwide are committed to creating maximum value for telecom operators, enterprises and consumers. Our innovative ICT solutions, products and services are used in more than 170 countries and regions, serving over one-third of the world's population. Founded in 1987, Huawei is a private company fully owned by its employees. For more information, please visit Huawei online at www.huawei.com or follow us on: http://www.linkedin.com/company/Huawei；http://www.twitter.com/Huawei；http://www.facebook.com/Huawei；http://www.google.com/+Huawei；http://www.youtube.com/Huawei.About XilinxXilinx is the leading provider of All Programmable FPGAs, SoCs, MPSoCs, RFSoCs, and 3D ICs. Xilinx uniquely enables applications that are both software defined and hardware optimized – powering industry advancements in Cloud Computing, Video/Vision, Industrial IoT, and 5G Wireless. For more information, visit www.xilinx.com.#1730AB851© Copyright 2017 Xilinx, Inc. Xilinx, the Xilinx logo, Artix, ISE, Kintex, Spartan, Virtex, Vivado, Zynq, and other designated brands included herein are trademarks of Xilinx in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.XilinxAmy Attard(408) 879-6924amya@xilinx.com   View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/huawei-unveils-xilinx-fpga-powered-cloud-server-to-north-america-at-sc17-300558382.htmlSOURCE Xilinx, Inc.
http://www.xilinx.com
Nov 21, 2017, 07:00 ETPreview: Xilinx to Showcase Innovations for Industrial IoT Solutions at SPS IPC Drives 2017Nov 08, 2017, 14:11 ETPreview: Xilinx at SC17 Showcases Reconfigurable Acceleration at Cloud Scale More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 16, 2017, 20:30 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat