

This page was added to your Bookmark.
Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.
Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
Chuck Akre (Trades, Portfolio)'s firm, Akre Capital Management, employs a “classic value approach” to investing. During the third quarter, the firm increased its O’Reilly Automotive Inc. (NASDAQ:ORLY) position 58.72%.The firm invested in 700,600 shares for an average price of $198.08 per share, increasing the portfolio 2.21%.Company offers good growth potentialO’Reilly CEO Greg Henslee said key sales drivers included “high levels of customer service” provided by the team members and “enhanced services and programs” offered in the company’s stores, which reached 5,000 on Oct. 20. Such drivers contributed to a strong three-year compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of sales, which are outperforming 86% of global competitors.O’Reilly has a profitability rank of 8 and a predictability rank of five stars, both suggesting strong short-term growth potential. The company’s margins and returns are near a 10-year high and outperform over 93% of global competitors.You still have time to register for our value conferenceAkre will be the keynote speaker for our value conference May 4, the day before Warren Buffett (Trades, Portfolio)’s 2018 Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A)(NYSE:BRK.B) annual shareholder meeting. If you register for the conference before Dec. 15, you will get our current early-bird price of $775, which includes the Thursday evening dinner.Premium members can access a wide variety of “guru stock ideas” features, including real-time picks, sector picks, the aggregated portfolio and the new user-defined GURUG function. Additionally, you get $50 off the conference price if you are Premium member. You can register for our conference by following this link.Disclosure: I do not have positions in the stocks mentioned.Visit James Li's WebsiteRating:  0.0/5 (0 votes) Select portfolio(s):Why you are interested?
Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.

Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.
Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.GF Chat