
MTNV
Digital News & Financial AnalysisInvestors may be looking at shares of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) with renewed interest over the past few trading sessions. After a recent scan, the stock has been seen trading near the $402.23 level. Staying on top of the equity market can be difficult. Knowing what information is important and how to interpret that information can be the difference between a good portfolio and a great one.Investors are constantly searching for quality stocks to help provide a boost to the portfolio. Quality can come in various forms such as a company that is a sales leader in a market that is growing or a company that is a technological leader with a proven record of success. Finding quality stocks at a bargain price is typically on the agenda for most investors. Because the economy and the stock market do not always go hand in hand, it may be important to analyze individual stocks. Some investors may choose to buy when the market is going up and sell when the market is going down. Other investors will opt to do the exact opposite. Whether the investor is going with the trend or against it, it can be important to make sure that the right types of stocks are in the portfolio. Nobody can exactly predict the future, but staying on top of portfolio holdings may help when the necessary decisions need to be made.Shares of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) currently have an average target price of 352.33. This is the consensus number using estimates given by polled analysts. Professional sell-side analysts that track the stock are constantly monitoring the company to assess where they believe shares will be moving in the future. Price target projections can be calculated using various methods. Many investors will follow stock target prices, especially when analysts make revisions. The average investor might not have the time to monitor every single movement of a certain stock. Tracking the historical performance may help provide some valuable insight on where the stock may be trending in the future. Looking back over the last 4 weeks, shares of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) have moved 7.16%. Over the last 5 days, the stock has seen a change of 0.94%. Looking at the last 12 week period, we note that the stock has moved 18.14%. Since the beginning of the calendar year, we note that shares have changed 90.28%. Investors will often track the current stock price relative to its 52-week high and low levels. The 52-week high is currently 403.7, and the 52-week low is resting at 206.34. When shares are trading near the 52-week high or 52-week low, investors may be on the lookout for a breakout. Sell-side analysts often undertake stock analysis to give their opinions of whether they believe that shares should be bought, sold, or held. Using ratings provided by analysts polled by Zacks Research, we note that the current average broker rating on shares of Intuitive Surgical, Inc. (NASDAQ:ISRG) is currently 1.88. The recommendation falls on a scale between 1 and 5. A broker rating of 1 would translate into a Strong Buy. A rating of 5 would indicate a Strong Sell recommendation. This consensus broker rating may help shed some light on how the sell-side is currently viewing company stock. After a recent check, we can see that 11 sell-side analysts have rated the stock a Strong Buy or Buy, based analysts polled by Zacks Research. Professional investors often incorporate various strategies when approaching the stock market. Capitalizing on market dips can be highly profitable when thoroughly researched and executed. Closely monitoring earnings, news, and analyst views may play an important role in equity study.As we move deeper into the year, investors will be paying attention to which companies are well-positioned for future growth. Even if the current earnings reports are a mixed bag, investors can study which industries look they are taking the top spot. Many active investors may be focusing on which way estimates are trending heading into the company earnings release. Analysts will often make updates to projections shortly before and after the earnings numbers are provided. Many active investors may enjoy the volatility that comes with trading around earnings, but others will choose to let the heavy action pass before deciding which stocks to buy or sell next.    

