
Major market players are buzzing over Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY) as their share price hit $98.78 at the end of the most recent trading session. Outstanding shares are common stock authorized by a company that are issued, purchased, and held by investors.  Outstanding shares include restricted shares owned by the company’s employees and officers as well as the public.  “Capital Stock” is the number of outstanding shares listed on a company’s balance sheet and is reported with the company’s quarterly filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.  Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY)’s shares outstanding are 211.04.The mathematical calculation that represents the degree of change over time is known as “percentage change”.  In finance, it serves many purposes, and is often used to represent the price change of a commodity.Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY)’s Price Change % over the last week is -7.23%. It’s % Price Change over the previous month is -14.52% and previous three months is -28.11%. Finally, looking back over the past year-to-date, Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY)’s Price Change % is -1.49%. Market capitalization is the total dollar market value of a company’s shares.  It is calculated by multiplying a company’s shares outstanding by the current market price of one share.  Investors use this figure to figure out a company’s size, as opposed to just using total asset or sales figures.  Market capitalization is important because company size is a basic indicator of multiple characteristics in which investors are interested in, including risk. It is easy to calculate.  For example, a company with 40 million shares selling at $100 a share would have a market cap of $4 billion.  Companies are ranked according to their market caps, ranking them as large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap.  Large-cap companies usually have a market capitalization of $10 billion and up.  These large-cap companies have typically been around for a long period of time, and they are usually major players in well-established industries.  Mid-cap companies have a market capitalization of $2 billion – $10 billion. Mid-cap companies operate in industries expected to experience rapid growth.  Companies that have a market capitalization $300 million – $2 billion are classified as small-cap companies.  These companies are usually young in age and they could serve new industries as well as niche markets. Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY)’s market cap is $20846.23. Any given stock may have anywhere between 1 to 40 brokerage analysts making EPS estimates as they follow the company.  Zacks have been tracking these sell-side analyst estimates for more than 25 years, creating consensus EPS estimates.  These estimates are the average of all of the current estimates that are made available by brokerage analysts.  Consensus estimates are better because they reduce the risk of any single analyst making an incorrect forecast.  In the case of Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY), Zacks tracked 18 brokers to create the consensus EPS estimate. Average Volume is the amount of securities traded in a day on average over a specific time period.  Trading activity relates to the liquidity of a security.  When average volume is high, the stock has high liquidity and can be therefore easily traded, while conversely, when the trading volume is low, the commodity will be less expensive as traders are not as willing to purchase it.  Average volume has an effect on the price of the security.  Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY) has experienced an average volume of 1821210.63.Zacks calculates consensus estimates for the current quarter, the following quarter, the current fiscal year, the following fiscal year, and also a long-term growth rate.  A company can “Meet” the same earnings as forecast, “Beat” the earnings than forecast, or “Miss” (fall below) the earnings than forecast.  Missing a forecast, of course, is the worst outcome, as it indicates that the company is not performing as well as investors thought.  A “Miss” often causes the share price to fall. Zacks tracked 19 analysts to create a quarterly consensus estimate of -0.51 for Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY). Zacks tracked 17 analysts to create a consensus of  0.06 for the last completed fiscal quarter for Incyte Corporation (NASDAQ:INCY).Chicago-based money management and research firm, Zacks Investment Research, was founded in 1978 in order to provide institutional investors with quantitative models created to predict stock prices for companies based in the United States.  Their product line has grown over the years to provide a large range of software tools and investment-related information services to individual traders.Zacks methodology is a blend of fundamental and quantitative research, where analysts have written research reports on over 960 stocks in addition to quantitatively-driven snapshot reports on another 2,600 stocks.  At the center of it all is the “Zacks Rank”, a system that reflects estimate revisions momentum and earnings surprises.Senior analysts possess the ability to override the Zacks Rank on some stocks to reflect their understanding of industry fundamentals.  These analysts use their knowledge, trade press, company financial reports, and other details such as conference calls in writing their research reports.Another addition to the Zacks Equity Research Reports is the “Zacks Style Score”, which provide investors with another tool in order to sort through the tremendous number of Zacks Rank based on one or more of the Growth, Value, and Momentum investment styles.  This allows investors pick the most appropriate Zacks Rank based on their individual preferences.  The A, B, C, D, E, or F Score for each stock is created from an evaluation process that uses metrics with the most predictive value for each style.  The highest-rated stocks are a combination of 1 and 2 Zacks Rank who also possess Style Scores of A or B.Zacks employs a staff of 78 analysts who provide constant coverage for 960 Canadian and US-traded stocks and NYSE traded ADRs.  Included are the S&P 500 and 450 of the next largest market cap and widely-held stocks.  The analysts are organized by industry, giving them deep insight into developments that may affect profits and stock performance.  The additional 2,600 stocks are covered by the Zacks Rank and generate 1 page snapshot research reports.The analyst reports contain Zacks Rank of either a Strong Buy, Buy, Hold, Sell and Strong Sell, in addition to an in-depth, written description of the company.  These reports range from 7 to 10 pages on each individual stock to explain why to buy, hold, or sell.  Strong Buys and Buys will have a Target Price and a valuation section, and all reports have Style Scores for Momentum, Value, and Growth.Published weekly since 1996, the Zacks Investment Committee has maintained a model portfolio called the Zacks Focus List and is designed for long-term investors and presents the opinions of Zacks analysts and the outlook of the Zacks Investment Committee.Disclaimer: The information contained on this website and from any communication related to this website is for information purposes only.  The material on this website does not constitute advice and you should not rely on any material in this website to make (or refrain from making) any decision or take (or refrain from making) any action.    

