WILMINGTON, Del.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) today announced that the first patient 
      has been treated in the RESET pivotal trial evaluating ruxolitinib 
      (Jakafi®) compared to anagrelide for the treatment of 
      patients with essential thrombocythemia (ET) who are resistant to or 
      intolerant of hydroxyurea (HU).
    
      “We are pleased to treat the first patient in our pivotal trial 
      evaluating ruxolitinib as a treatment for ET, a rare blood cancer that 
      can lead to life-threatening complications,” said Steven Stein, M.D., 
      Chief Medical Officer, Incyte. “We look forward to building on the 
      clinical evidence for ruxolitinib and to advancing this trial to help 
      address the needs of higher-risk patients with ET, who are resistant to 
      or intolerant of HU and currently have limited treatment options.”
    
      ET is a rare, chronic blood cancer, part of a group of related blood 
      cancers known as myeloproliferative neoplasms (MPNs), characterized by 
      increased platelet production, a white cell count above the normal 
      range, persistently elevated platelet counts with normal red blood cell 
      mass and the absence of prominent bone marrow fibrosis.1 An 
      increased platelet count can increase the risk of thrombosis. Thrombosis 
      can, in turn, lead to serious health problems including heart attack or 
      stroke. Vascular complications and transformation to myelofibrosis (MF) 
      or acute myeloid leukemia (AML) are the major causes of increased 
      morbidity and mortality in patients with ET.2,3

About the RESET Study

      The randomized, double-blind, double-dummy pivotal study (NCT03123588) 
      is evaluating the safety and efficacy of ruxolitinib versus anagrelide 
      as a treatment of patients with ET. The study is expected to enroll 
      approximately 120 patients, 18 years or older, diagnosed with ET who are 
      resistant to or intolerant of HU, with a screening platelet count of 
      >650 × 109/L and white blood cell (WBC) count of >11.0 × 109/L.
    
      The primary endpoint of this study is the proportion of patients who 
      achieve platelet and WBC control over 1 year of follow-up. Key secondary 
      endpoints include safety and tolerability and the proportion of patients 
      who achieve complete remission (CR) or partial remission (PR). For more 
      information about the study, please visit https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03123588.
    
About Jakafi® (ruxolitinib)

      Ruxolitinib is a first-in-class JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor approved by the U.S. 
      Food and Drug Administration, as Jakafi® (ruxolitinib), for 
      treatment of people with polycythemia vera (PV) who have had an 
      inadequate response to or are intolerant of hydroxyurea.
    
      Jakafi is also indicated for treatment of people with intermediate or 
      high-risk myelofibrosis (MF), including primary MF, post–polycythemia 
      vera MF, and post–essential thrombocythemia MF.
    
      Jakafi is marketed by Incyte in the United States and by Novartis as 
      Jakavi® (ruxolitinib) outside the United States.
    
Important Safety Information

Jakafi can cause serious side effects, including:

Low blood counts: Jakafi® (ruxolitinib) may cause your 
      platelet, red blood cell, or white blood cell counts to be lowered. If 
      you develop bleeding, stop taking Jakafi and call your healthcare 
      provider. Your healthcare provider will perform blood tests to check 
      your blood counts before you start Jakafi and regularly during your 
      treatment. Your healthcare provider may change your dose of Jakafi or 
      stop your treatment based on the results of your blood tests. Tell your 
      healthcare provider right away if you develop or have worsening symptoms 
      such as unusual bleeding, bruising, tiredness, shortness of breath, or a 
      fever.
    
Infection: You may be at risk for developing a serious infection 
      during treatment with Jakafi. Tell your healthcare provider if you 
      develop any of the following symptoms of infection: chills, nausea, 
      vomiting, aches, weakness, fever, painful skin rash or blisters.
    
Skin cancers: Some people who take Jakafi have developed certain 
      types of non-melanoma skin cancers. Tell your healthcare provider if you 
      develop any new or changing skin lesions.
    
Increases in Cholesterol: You may have changes in your blood 
      cholesterol levels. Your healthcare provider will do blood tests to 
      check your cholesterol levels during your treatment with Jakafi.
    
The most common side effects of Jakafi include: low platelet 
      count, low red blood cell counts, bruising, dizziness, headache.
    
      These are not all the possible side effects of Jakafi. Ask your 
      pharmacist or healthcare provider for more information. Tell your 
      healthcare provider about any side effect that bothers you or that does 
      not go away.
    
Before taking Jakafi, tell your healthcare provider about: all 
      the medications, vitamins, and herbal supplements you are taking and all 
      your medical conditions, including if you have an infection, have or had 
      tuberculosis (TB), or have been in close contact with someone who has 
      TB, have or had hepatitis B, have or had liver or kidney problems, are 
      on dialysis, had skin cancer or have any other medical condition. Take 
      Jakafi exactly as your healthcare provider tells you. Do not change or 
      stop taking Jakafi without first talking to your healthcare provider. Do 
      not drink grapefruit juice while on Jakafi.
    
      Women should not take Jakafi while pregnant or planning to become 
      pregnant, or if breast-feeding.
    
Full Prescribing Information, which includes a more complete 
      discussion of the risks associated with Jakafi, is available at www.jakafi.com.

About Incyte

      Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical 
      company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of 
      proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please 
      visit the Company’s website at www.incyte.com.
    
      Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte.
    
Forward Looking Statements

      Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set 
      forth in this press release, including statements regarding the 
      Company’s expectations for the study evaluating ruxolitinib as a 
      treatment for ET, contain predictions, estimates and other 
      forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based 
      on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and 
      uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, 
      including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the 
      efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of 
      further research and development, the high degree of risk and 
      uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and 
      regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and 
      competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from 
      time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
      September 30, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update 
      these forward-looking statements.
    
            ______________________________
          

MediaCatalina Loveman, +1-302-498-6171cloveman@incyte.comorInvestorsMichael 
      Booth, DPhil, +1-302-498-5914mbooth@incyte.com
Incyte Announces Initiation of Pivotal Clinical Trial of Ruxolitinib (Jakafi®) for the Treatment of Essential Thrombocythemia
MediaCatalina Loveman, +1-302-498-6171cloveman@incyte.comorInvestorsMichael 
      Booth, DPhil, +1-302-498-5914mbooth@incyte.com
