
RESPONSE 4-year follow-up data for Jakafi® 
      (ruxolitinib) in patients with polycythemia vera accepted as oral 
      presentation

WILMINGTON, Del.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Incyte Corporation (Nasdaq:INCY) announces that more than 30 abstracts 
      including data from its clinical development programs for Jakafi® (ruxolitinib), 
      JAK1, PI3Kδ, PIM and BRD will be presented at the upcoming American 
      Society of Hematology (ASH) Annual Meeting 2017 in Atlanta, Georgia from 
      December 9-12, 2017.
    
      “We look forward to presenting new data from across our clinical 
      development portfolio,” said Steven Stein, M.D., Chief Medical Officer 
      at Incyte. “Data accepted for presentation include long-term, 4-year 
      follow-up from our RESPONSE trial, updated data from our PI3Kδ inhibitor 
      program in relapsed or refractory B-cell malignancies as well as 
      first-in-man data from our BRD and PIM kinase inhibitor programs.”
    
      Select key abstract presentations include:
    
Jakafi (ruxolitinib)

Promising Results of a Phase 1/2 Clinical Trial of Ruxolitinib in 
      Patients with Chronic Myelomonocytic Leukemia (Abstract #162)

Examining The Treatment Patterns And Blood Counts Among Patients 
      With Polycythemia Vera Treated With Hydroxyurea In The United States: An 
      Analysis From The REVEAL Study (Abstract #1633)

Role Of Symptom Burden In Disability Leave Among Patients With 
      Myeloproliferative Neoplasms (MPNs): Findings From The Living With MPN 
      Patient Survey (Abstract #1637)

Ruxolitinib Or Dasatinib In Combination With Chemotherapy For 
      Patients With Relapsed/Refractory Philadelphia (Ph)-Like Acute 
      Lymphoblastic Leukemia: A Phase I-II Trial (Abstract #1322)

The Combination Of Ruxolitinib (RUX) With Decitabine (DAC) In 
      Patients (Pts) With Post-Myeloproliferative Neoplasm Acute Myeloid 
      Leukemia (Post-MPN AML): Interim Report Of A Phase I/II Trial (Abstract 
      #1379)

A Phase Ib Study To Assess The Safety And Tolerability Of Oral 
      Ruxolitinib In Combination With Azacitidine In Patients With Advanced 
      Phase Myeloproliferative Neoplasms (MPN), Including Myelodysplastic 
      Syndromes (MDS) Or Acute Myeloid Leukaemia (AML) Arising From MPN (The 
      Bloodwise / TAP PHAZAR Study On Behalf Of The UK MPN CSG) (Abstract 
      #1649)

Results From The 208-Week (4-year) Follow-Up Of RESPONSE Trial, A 
      Phase 3 Study Comparing Ruxolitinib (Rux) With Best Available Therapy 
      (BAT) For The Treatment Of Polycythemia Vera (PV) (Abstract #322)

Patient-Reported Symptom Burden And Peripheral Blood Counts Among 
      Patients With Polycythemia Vera: And Analysis From The REVEAL Study 
      (Abstract #2924)

Safety And Efficacy Of Ruxolitinib (Rux) In An Open-Label, 
      Multicenter, Expanded Treatment Protocol In Patients (Pts) With 
      Polycythemia Vera (PV) Who Are Hydroxyurea (HU) Resistant Or Intolerant 
      And For Whom No Alternative Treatments Are Available (Abstract #2918)

Primary Analysis Of JUMP, A Phase 3b, Expanded-Access Study 
      Evaluating The Safety And Efficacy Of Ruxolitinib In Patients With 
      Myelofibrosis (N=2233) (Abstract #4204)

Characteristics Of 809 Patients With Essential Thrombocythemia In 
      Real-World Clinical Practice: A Chart Review Study In The United States (Abstract 
      #1636)

Real-World Patterns Of First-Line Hydroxyurea Treatment Among 
      Patients With Essential Thrombocythemia In US Community Oncology 
      Practices (Abstract #4203)

Ponatinib

First Report of the Gimema LAL1811 Phase II Prospective Study of 
      the Combination of Steroids with Ponatinib As Frontline Therapy of 
      Elderly or Unfit Patients with Philadelphia Chromosome-Positive Acute 
      Lymphoblastic Leukemia (Abstract #99)

Efficacy And Safety Of Ponatinib In Chronic Phase-Chronic Myeloid 
      Leukemia (CP-CML) According To The Extent Of Treatment With Prior 
      Tyrosine Kinase Inhibitors (TKIs): Final (5-Year) Results Of The PACE 
      Study (Abstract #1617)

Arterial Occlusive Events (AOEs) In The Phase 2 Ponatinib PACE 
      Trial: 5-Year Update In Heavily Treated Patients (Pts) With 
      Chronic-Phase Chronic Myeloid Leukemia (CP-CML) (Abstract #2896)

Pipeline

Results From A Phase 1/2 Study Of INCB050465, A Highly Selective 
      And Highly Potent PI3Kδ Inhibitor, In Patients With Relapsed Or 
      Refractory B-Cell Malignancies (CITADEL-101) (Abstract #410)

Preliminary Results From An Ongoing Phase 1/2 Study Of INCB053914, 
      A Pan-Proviral Integration Sites For Moloney Virus (PIM) Kinase 
      Inhibitor, In Patients With Advanced Hematologic Malignancies (Abstract 
      #2585)

A Phase 1/2 Study Of The Oral Novel JAK1 Inhibitor INCB052793 As 
      Monotherapy And In Combination With Standard Therapies In Patients With 
      Advanced Hematologic Malignancies (Abstract #640)

Preliminary Results From An Ongoing Phase 1/2 Study Of INCB057643, 
      A Bromodomain And Extraterminal (BET) Protein Inhibitor, In Patients 
      (pts) With Advanced Malignancies (Abstract #4048)

Preclinical

The Pan-PIM Inhibitor INCB053914 Displays Potent Synergy At Low 
      Doses In Combination With Ruxolitinib In Pre-Clinical Models Of MPNs
(Abstract #1661)
    
Targeting Cell Non-Autonomous MAPK Activation As A Novel 
      Therapeutic Strategy In Myeloproliferative Neoplasms (Abstract 
      #381)

Redundant JAK, SRC And PI3 Kinase Signaling Pathways Regulate Cell 
      Survival In Human Ph-Like ALL Cell Lines And Primary Cells (Abstract 
      #717)

      Full session details and data presentation listings for ASH 2017 can be 
      found at: https://ash.confex.com/ash/2017/webprogram/start.html

About Jakafi® (ruxolitinib)

      Jakafi is a first-in-class JAK1/JAK2 inhibitor approved by the U.S. Food 
      and Drug Administration, for treatment of people with intermediate or 
      high-risk myelofibrosis (MF), including primary MF, post–polycythemia 
      vera MF, and post–essential thrombocythemia MF.
    
      Jakafi is also indicated for treatment of people with polycythemia vera 
      (PV) who have had an inadequate response to or are intolerant of 
      hydroxyurea.
    
      Jakafi is marketed by Incyte in the United States and by Novartis as 
      Jakavi® (ruxolitinib) outside the United States. Jakafi is a 
      registered trademark of Incyte Corporation. Jakavi is a registered 
      trademark of Novartis AG in countries outside the United States.
    
Important Safety Information

Jakafi can cause serious side effects, including:

Low blood counts: Jakafi® (ruxolitinib) may cause 
      your platelet, red blood cell, or white blood cell counts to be lowered. 
      If you develop bleeding, stop taking Jakafi and call your healthcare 
      provider. Your healthcare provider will perform blood tests to check 
      your blood counts before you start Jakafi and regularly during your 
      treatment. Your healthcare provider may change your dose of Jakafi or 
      stop your treatment based on the results of your blood tests. Tell your 
      healthcare provider right away if you develop or have worsening symptoms 
      such as unusual bleeding, bruising, tiredness, shortness of breath, or a 
      fever.
    
Infection: You may be at risk for developing a serious infection 
      during treatment with Jakafi. Tell your healthcare provider if you 
      develop any of the following symptoms of infection: chills, nausea, 
      vomiting, aches, weakness, fever, painful skin rash or blisters.
    
Skin cancers: Some people who take Jakafi have developed certain 
      types of non-melanoma skin cancers. Tell your healthcare provider if you 
      develop any new or changing skin lesions.
    
Increases in Cholesterol: You may have changes in your blood 
      cholesterol levels. Your healthcare provider will do blood tests to 
      check your cholesterol levels during your treatment with Jakafi.
    
The most common side effects of Jakafi include: low platelet 
      count, low red blood cell counts, bruising, dizziness, headache.
    
      These are not all the possible side effects of Jakafi. Ask your 
      pharmacist or healthcare provider for more information. Tell your 
      healthcare provider about any side effect that bothers you or that does 
      not go away.
    
Before taking Jakafi, tell your healthcare provider about: all 
      the medications, vitamins, and herbal supplements you are taking and all 
      your medical conditions, including if you have an infection, have or had 
      tuberculosis (TB), or have been in close contact with someone who has 
      TB, have or had hepatitis B, have or had liver or kidney problems, are 
      on dialysis, had skin cancer or have any other medical condition. Take 
      Jakafi exactly as your healthcare provider tells you. Do not change or 
      stop taking Jakafi without first talking to your healthcare provider. Do 
      not drink grapefruit juice while on Jakafi.
    
      Women should not take Jakafi while pregnant or planning to become 
      pregnant, or if breast-feeding.
    
Full Prescribing Information, which includes a more complete 
      discussion of the risks associated with Jakafi, is available at www.jakafi.com.

About Incyte

      Incyte Corporation is a Wilmington, Delaware-based biopharmaceutical 
      company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of 
      proprietary therapeutics. For additional information on Incyte, please 
      visit the Company's web site at www.incyte.com.
    
      Follow @Incyte on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Incyte.
    
Forward-Looking Statements

      Except for the historical information set forth herein, the matters set 
      forth in this press release, including statements regarding the 
      Company’s development pipeline and its presentation plans for the 
      upcoming ASH annual meeting, contain predictions, estimates and other 
      forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based 
      on the Company’s current expectations and subject to risks and 
      uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, 
      including unanticipated developments and the risks related to the 
      efficacy or safety of the Company’s development pipeline, the results of 
      further research and development, the high degree of risk and 
      uncertainty associated with drug development, clinical trials and 
      regulatory approval processes, other market or economic factors and 
      competitive and technological advances; and other risks detailed from 
      time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission, including its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
      September 30, 2017. Incyte disclaims any intent or obligation to update 
      these forward-looking statements.
    

      Incyte CorporationMediaCatalina Loveman, +1 
      302-498-6171cloveman@incyte.comorInvestorsMichael 
      Booth, DPhil, +1 302-498-5914mbooth@incyte.com

More than 30 Abstracts Highlighting Data from Incyte’s Portfolio Accepted for Presentation at the 59th Annual ASH Meeting
      Incyte CorporationMediaCatalina Loveman, +1 
      302-498-6171cloveman@incyte.comorInvestorsMichael 
      Booth, DPhil, +1 302-498-5914mbooth@incyte.com

