Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Goldman Sachs Group Inc. has shaken up the leadership of its vaunted fixed income, currencies and commodities business after stumbles this year called its strategy into question.The firm named Jim Esposito and Justin Gmelich, both 49, to newly created roles as co-chief operating officers of FICC, according to a memo Tuesday from securities division co-heads Isabelle Ealet, Pablo Salame and Ashok Varadhan. Gmelich gives up his title as global head of credit and mortgage trading, while Esposito relinquishes his role helping to run fixed-income sales, leaving John Willian with sole responsibility.The change imposes a new management layer, and mirrors a similar setup across the aisle in stock trading, where Paul Russo and Michael Daffey share the co-COO title. For years, Goldman Sachs didn’t have executives charged with overseeing the entire FICC business. There were sales chiefs for the unit, and then individual trading heads such as Gmelich or Kayhan Mirza, who runs currencies trading.The new structure reflects the set up in the equities business in another way, by pairing an executive with a sales background with another holding a trading pedigree. Many Wall Street banks do something similar. Esposito and Daffey are considered the sales experts, while Gmelich and Russo the traders.Goldman is trying to steer the fixed-income business away from an over-reliance on hedge funds to work more with corporations, banks and global asset managers. The group brought in almost $22 billion in 2009, but didn’t crack $3 billion in the first half. That performance helped the combined trading division turn in the worst first half of Chief Executive Officer Lloyd Blankfein’s 11-year tenure before a third-quarter rebound allayed some concerns.Investors had been anticipating a strategy update for the beleaguered business when co-President Harvey Schwartz took the stage for a September presentation. Yet, the focus was on lending -- a business that’s been mostly an afterthought -- and a grand plan to turn around fixed-income trading never came. The bank identified about $950 million in revenue over the next three years to come from the FICC business, less than half that tied to lending.Still, it remains a key business to Goldman and puts pressure on Esposito and Gmelich to turn the business around. Both men already sit on the management committee, the firm’s most senior governing body.Esposito became chief strategy officer of the securities division in February 2016, adding responsibility for sales later on when the firm was wooing clients such as asset managers and corporate treasury departments. Prior to joining the securities division, he helped run investment-banking’s global financing group.Gmelich has been global head of credit trading since March 2012. He’s helped lead a push to cater to asset managers in recent years, and the effort has paid off. Market share with those clients rose so much that they and hedge funds counted as the two largest FICC client segments in the first half, Schwartz said in September. And Schwartz said the firm wants even more from them.As part of Tuesday’s changes, Jeffrey Verschleiser will oversee municipals, as well as flow credit and mortgage trading globally after having regional responsibility. Ram Sundaram, global head of structured credit trading, will now also run the newly set up structured finance and lending group for the Americas.Earlier this week, the bank named M&A banker Stephanie Cohen as chief strategy officer, freeing Stephen Scherr to focus his time on building out the consumer and commercial banking division. The division houses a burgeoning online lender and an institutional lending group.