Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.There are currently no items in this Watchlist.Create a list of the investments you want to track.Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.How To Profit From The Online Data BoomWireless Telecom Services Market Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 202255 INSTITUTIONAL PARTNERS NAMES DR. LEONID KOGAN CHIEF INVESTMENT SCIENTIST
            
            Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. is a holding company which engages in the telecommunication services. It operates through the following segments: Regional Communications Business, Long-Distance and International Communications Business, Mobile Communications Business, Data Communications Business, and Others. The Regional Communications Business segment offers domestic intra-prefectural communication services such as fixed voice-related, internet protocol, and packet communications services; and sells telecommunications equipment. The Long Distance and International Communications Business segment deals with the domestic intra-prefectural and international communications and system integration services. The Mobile Communications Business segment provides mobile voice-related, IP, and packet communications services; and sells telecommunications equipment. The Data Communications Business segment includes system integration and network system services. The Others segment involves in the real estate, finance, engineering, system integration and data processing, and development of technologies and shared operations. The company was founded on August 1, 1952 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.

            
            (See Full Profile)
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                    By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service,
                    Privacy Policy, and 
                    Cookie Policy.
                
                    Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use.
                    Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information.
                    All quotes are in local exchange time.
                    Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only.
                    Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
                