Published: Mar 9, 2012 12:01 a.m. ETByMADRID (MarketWatch) — Brighter economic prospects are attracting U.S. investors to shares of foreign companies, but most of the attention is being given to big multinational players that happen to be based outside of the U.S. As a result, many companies that lack such global clout are being neglected even though they offer substantial dividends and value. The top foreign stocks held by U.S. mutual funds that invest overseas includes the American Depositary Receipts of well-known enterprises such as Royal Dutch Shell PLC 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    RDS.A, +0.50%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                        (RDSA) , America Movil SAB de CV 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    AMX, -2.22%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    TEVA, -1.86%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         and Vodafone Group PLC 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    VOD, +0.39%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                        (VOD) , according to investment researcher Morningstar Inc. “These stocks are all in sectors that are cyclical and kind of in favor right now,” said Allan Nichols, a Morningstar senior equity analyst. Most, he added, pay “decent dividends and generate stable cash flows.” Shell’s dividend yield recently was 4.7% and American Movil’s was 1.1%, while Teva yielded 1.8% and Vodafone 3.5%.American Depositary Receipts, or ADRs, are an easy, cost-effective way to own non-U.S. stocks. These shares of foreign companies are listed on U.S. exchanges, offering greater transparency, no foreign transaction costs and decent trading liquidity.But foreign companies traded on U.S. exchanges often come with “greater analytical challenges” than their American counterparts, said Bill Mann, manager of Motley Fool Independence Fund 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    FOOLX, -1.07%
He advocates using exchange-traded funds to gain exposure to a mix of ADRs. “Where investors in the past may have used ADRs as proxies for macroeconomic themes they believed would come to pass, they can now do that much more broadly with ETFs,” Mann noted in an email.Two ETFs fitting that bill are Global X SuperDividend ETF 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    SDIV, -0.19%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         and First Trust STOXX European Select Dividend Income Fund 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    FDD, +0.26%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         both of which own U.S.-listed foreign dividend-paying stocks.ADRs certainly have become more popular. BNY Mellon, the world’s biggest depositary bank for ADRs, reported in its latest annual review that trading for ADRs and global depositary receipts (GDRs) hit record levels in 2011. Institutional and retail investors looking for European blue-chip companies offering high dividends have fueled record growth in ADRs, said David Stueber, Managing Director, BNY Mellon’s depositary receipts business. “We’re seeing a lot of demand in traditional names in Europe, on the view the crisis is over or stabilizing.” Yet investors still are so focused on the big picture, they’re overlooking “extremely cheap” but sound non-U.S. stocks, Mann said. His list includes Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Co. S.A. 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    CC.H, +0.00%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         Spain’s Telefonica SA 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    TEF, +0.10%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         and Banco Latinamericano de Exportaciones SA, or Bladex, 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    BLX, +0.48%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         , a Panamanian bank specializing in trade finance in Latin America. He also likes Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    ARCO, -2.44%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         an Argentina-based company that owns fast-food franchises throughout Latin America. Here are five more underappreciated ADRs from Morningstar’s Nichols:The world’s largest steel company 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    MT, -0.39%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                        (MT) has an 8% market share, and Nichols thinks the market has overreacted to the economic slowdown. “Demand in emerging markets continues and when there is a global recovery, ArcelorMittal will benefit from its lower cost production due to its vertical integration, owning 50% of its iron ore and 20% of its coal needs,” Nichols said. The shares trade at almost a 60% discount to Morningstar’s fair value estimate of $48, with a yield of about 3.2%. The stock is a fixture in Market Vectors Steel ETF 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    SLX, +0.17%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         The biggest telecom operator 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    FTE, -0.21%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         (FTE)  in France and Poland also has a presence in Spain, Italy, the U.K. and emerging markets.France Telecom’s shares have been hurt by overblown worries about wireless competition from rivals such as Illiad SA (ILD), Nichols said. Wireless accounts for about 25% of the firm’s adjusted earnings, he noted. For a dividend investor, France Telecom is attractive with a gross dividend before foreign taxes of 12.4%, he said. Shares trade at almost half of Morningstar’s fair value estimate of $29. Allianz NFJ International Value Institutional 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    ANJIX, -0.30%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         and LMP Capital and Income 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    SCD, +0.31%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         have been two concentrated shareholders of the stock.Japan’s largest wireless telecom operator 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    DCM, +0.12%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         (9437) has a 15-month lead on rolling out a 4G wireless technology called Long Term Evolution, which should help it retain subscribers, Nichols said. Moreover, he added, NTT DoCoMo one of the lowest churn rates in the world and a pristine balance sheet for a telecom with a net cash position, he said. NTT DoCoMo’s shares trade at a 42% discount to Morningstar’s fair-value estimate of $30 and yield about 3.4%. Funds including Fidelity Select Wireless 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    FWRLX, -0.38%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         and PowerShares International Dividend Achievers 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    PID, +0.00%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         have been big shareholders. IOne of the biggest operators in Canada’s oil sands, Suncor Energy Inc. 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    SU, +1.75%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         (SU) has strengthened its business through mergers and investments. “The oil price pullback made oil sands noncompetitive, which drove the stock price down, but it will likely become competitive over time,” said Nichols. Even with the recent runup in oil prices, the stock is still at a 30% discount to Morningstar’s fair value estimate of $49; shares yield about 1.3%. Funds with meaningful positions in Suncor include iShares MSCI Canada Index 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    EWC, +0.29%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         and Fidelity Canada 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    FICDX, -0.48%
One of the major banks in Australia and New Zealand, Westpac Banking 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    WBK, -0.25%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         (WBC) is a well-run company that generates return on equity of 21%, Nichols said. Yet the stock, he pointed out, trades at less than 10 times earnings and 1.5 times book value, with a current dividend yield of about 7.2%. Morningstar recently lifted its fair value estimate of $146 a share — the stock currently trades at 25% discount to that target. Funds with major stakes in Westpac include PowerShares KBW International Financial 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    KBWX

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         and BLDRS Asia 50 ADR Index 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    ADRA, +0.12%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         
                            Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer.
                        
                            Barbara Kollmeyer is an editor for MarketWatch in Madrid. Follow her on Twitter @bkollmeyer.
                        Join the conversationCopyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service,
                Privacy Policy, and 
                Cookie Policy.
            
                Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use.
                Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information.
                All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. 
                Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
            