Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.There are currently no items in this Watchlist.Create a list of the investments you want to track.Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.KT Corporation 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesZacks Value Trader Highlights: KT, Micron, Western Digital, J2 Global and IEC ElectronicsANTIPODES PARTNERS Ltd Buys KT Corp, Michael Kors Holdings, Oracle Corp, Sells Dynegy Inc, Citigroup Inc, Alliance Resource Partners LPHere's where to look if you're trying to find value stocks in technology. SK Telecom Undervalued, But There Are Still Valid Reasons WhyStock Review for Technology's Investors -- Altice USA, VEON, KT Corp., and TelefonicaKT Corporation Joins New IP Agency; Promoting the Development of Next Generation IP NetworksGSMA Announces New Developments in Big Data for Social Good Initiative
            
            KT Corp. engages in the provision of integrated telecommunication services. It operates through the following business divisions: Mobile, Broadband Internet, Telephone, Wireless Broadband Internet and Internet Protocol Television (IPTV). The Mobile business division provides smart phone services, special tariff discount products, third-generation and WiBro network. The Broadband Internet business division offers supplementary services, customized products and supplies fiber to the home in housing market. The Telephone business division provides phone and internet bundling services, develops new business model. The WiBro business division offers distribution channels, terminals, laptop rental and package products. The IPTV business division provides free set top box rentals, hybrid products and satellite high definition channels. The company was founded on December 10, 1981 and is headquartered in Seongnam-si, South Korea.

            
            (See Full Profile)
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                    By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service,
                    Privacy Policy, and 
                    Cookie Policy.
                
                    Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use.
                    Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information.
                    All quotes are in local exchange time.
                    Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only.
                    Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
                