Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!  For Immediate Release Chicago, IL - November 28, 2017 - Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include  CME Group Inc. CME  , Expedia, Inc. EXPE  , DISH Network DISH  , Starbucks SBUX  and Overstock.com, Inc. OSTK  . Here are highlights from Monday's Analyst Blog:   Bitcoin Hits New Highs on Wider Acceptance  Bitcoin is steadily gaining popularity, as reflected by its rising user base. Interestingly, the cryptocurrency's market capitalization of $160.8 billion, per   coinmarketcap.com  , is nearly double the valuation of Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley, at a respective $89.2 billion and $88.8 billion.Investors should know that the surge in online retail transactions, especially in the holiday season, is driving bitcoin beyond the $9000 mark. This primarily reflects bitcoin's growing acceptance in diverse businesses. A Note on Bitcoin Bitcoin is not a physical coin and no central authority creates the virtual currency. Instead, computers create bitcoin through mining. A special software is being used by the miners for solving critical mathematical problems, and thereby keeps the bitcoin network secure by verifying payments. In exchange, the miners receive a small amount of the digital currency as rewards. Record Customers Open Bitcoin Accounts Around Thanksgiving, the virtual currency market witnessed a record number of accounts for bitcoin traders. From Nov 22 to Nov 24, Coinbase - the United States' largest bitcoin exchange - added roughly 100,000 new users willing to buy or sell the digital currency.Per Coinbase data and Alistair Milne, the bitcoin exchange currently has as many as 13.1 million users, way higher than the 4.9 million users recorded last November. The digital currency also touched an all-time high of $9,682.10 on Nov 27.It is to be noted that with an increasing number of bitcoin buyers and sellers, we expect more transactions that will need more mining. New businesses associated with mining have emerged and companies like NVIDIA offer digital mining equipment are in high demand. NVIDIA sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   . Holiday Retail Transaction Drives Bitcoin CNBC stated that retail transactions this holiday session supported the cryptocurrency's year-to-date increase of more than 850%. CME Group Inc.'s plan to launch bitcoin futures also supported the rally. CME Group - the operator of the largest options and futures exchange in the world - announced plans to introduce bitcoin futures by the second week of December, media reports claim.Apart from holiday retail-centric growth, many investors prefer bitcoin, given that no more than 21 million of the virtual currency can be mined. The finite resource base of the cryptocurrency could help investors increase their wealth over time. Companies Going the Bitcoin Way Many businesses across countries are opting for bitcoin as a mode of transaction, driving the popularity of the currency. Here we discuss four companies that allow their customers to pay in bitcoin in exchange for goods and services.Headquartered in Bellevue, WA,  Expedia, Inc.  is among the leading online travel players in the world. Per media report, since June 2014, the travel agency has been offering its customers the option to pay in bitcoins for booking hotels.We expect Expedia, carrying a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold), to witness year-over-year earnings growth of 4.1% in 2017. DISH Network  , headquartered in Englewood, CO, operates the DISH Network direct broadcast satellite (DBS) subscription television service in the United States. In August 2014, the company received bitcoin payment from customers for the first time.The company posted an average positive earnings surprise of 1.3% for the last four quarters. Presently, DISH carries a Zacks Rank #3.Based in Seattle, WA,  Starbucks   is the leading roaster and retailer of specialty coffee in the world. The company is accepting payments in bitcoin.We expect this Zacks #3 Ranked company to post year-over-year earnings growth of 12.1% in fiscal 2018.Based in Midvale, UT,  Overstock.com, Inc.  is a leading online retail player. Since January 2014, the company has been accepting bitcoin for its wide range of products, including laptops and televisions.Overstock.com carries a Zacks Rank #3. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric   Cars? Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.It's not the one you think.    makeArticleAd();    See This Ticker Free >>   Want more stock market analysis from this author? Make sure   to follow @      Ryan_McQueeney     on Twitter!  Wall Street's Next Amazon Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It's a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius.  Click for details >>  Follow us on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/zacksresearch Join us on Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?ref=ts Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities (including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such affiliates.Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339    support@zacks.com     http://www.zacks.com Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss .  This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit  http://www.zacks.com/performance  for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.