Indianapolis-based Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) says approximately 2,300 U.S. employees have taken voluntary early retirement. The buyouts relate to the company's previously-announced global reduction plans, which Lilly says are "on track" to meet its 3,500-position target. Lilly is looking to save some $500 million in 2018 through the streamlining process.Lilly had initially expected 2,000 U.S. employees to participate in the voluntary early retirement program. The company first announced the global restructuring in September, saying site in Iowa, New Jersey and China will be closed. Chief Executive Officer Dave Ricks said at the time of the announcement the process will reduce costs and help make way for "the next generation of new medicines." He added "we will implement changes with fairness and the utmost respect for our Lilly colleagues, while we remain a vibrant, thriving competitor."Just over a month ago, the company detailed additional executive personnel moves, which include a new chief financial officer and new president for Lilly Research Labs.The proposed changes to our tax codes being considered by the U.S. Congress will negatively impact our regional economic competitiveness by limiting the ability for Hoosiers to earn a college degree. As for our tax code, clearly it is time to think about better ways to manage how and why we tax. But, in the case of the current tax changes under consideration, the sweeping impact to higher education will have a devastating effect to our communities in the long term.The proposed changes to our tax codes being considered by the U.S. Congress will negatively impact our regional economic competitiveness by limiting the ability for Hoosiers to earn a college degree. As for our tax code, clearly it is time to think about better ways to manage how and why we tax. But, in the case of the current tax changes under consideration, the sweeping impact to higher education will have a devastating effect to our communities in the long term.Roughly 80 miles southwest of Indianapolis, the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane is home to more than 3,200 personnel - approximately two-thirds of them scientists, engineers and skilled technicians. It's the only naval base not on a coast, a unique operation with a singular focus: Overcoming the technical challenges facing America's military to build a decisive technological advantage over our adversaries. As an innovative Navy laboratory part of...Two Indiana schools are ranked among the Best Online Colleges and Universities for 2018. The list from BestColleges.com ranks schools based on data from the National Center for Education Statistics broken down into three categories: Academic Quality, Affordability and Online Programming.Governor Eric Holcomb has made more appointments to state boards and commissions. They include the Alcohol & Tobacco Commission and the Indiana Housing & Community Development Authority Board, as well as a new Jasper County Superior Court judge. Central Indiana will host what tourism officials call the nation's foremost agritourism convention in 2019. The North American Farmers' Direct Marketing Association Inc. convention will take place in Noblesville. IOTD Executive Director Mark Newman says, for a state that prides itself on its agricultural appeal, hosting the event is in Indiana's wheelhouse. The conference will be held at the Embassy Suites conference Center, which is currently under construction.Grow INdiana Media Ventures, LLCInside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick1630 North Meridian StreetSuite 400Indianapolis, IN 46202
                    All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
                