What do restructuring and polyethylene glycol mixed with some sort of solvent have in common? They're both popular "solutions" for pharmaceutical developers. In the wake of pricing pressures and increased competition, many companies as of late have turned to reorganizing their businesses to protect franchises and support their bottom lines.Eli Lilly & Co., for instance, announced in September it would be laying off or giving voluntary retirement to 3,500 employees, a move that followed the clinical failure of its highly anticipated Alzheimer's drug as well as patent expiries for several key products, including Zyprexa (olanzapine) and Cymbalta (duloxetine). Boehringer Ingelheim GmBH, Novo Nordisk A/S and other large pharmaceutical organizations have cut hundreds of jobs over the past couple years as part of their respective restructurings.Additionally, drugmakers have shuffled around or sold off different units to sharpen focus on their core business. Novartis AG is one of the more notable examples of this, with its recent move to organize the company into three separate segments — Innovative Medicines, for novel drugs; Sandoz, for generics and biosimilars; and Alcon, for eye treatments.Bayer AG also falls into the trend. Earlier this year, Robert LaCaze became the head of Bayer's newly created oncology strategic business unit in its pharmaceuticals division. Bayer developed the unit as cancer drug development reached a fever pitch across the industry.While no blockbusters, the company's main oncology drugs have been growing; during the third quarter, Xofigo (radium Ra 223 dichloride) sales rose nearly 25% year over year to €102 million (about $122 million) when factoring in foreign exchange rates, while Stivarga (regorafenib) climbed more than 27% year over year to €77 million (about $92 million).Merging its research and development units will further shake up the company's organizational structure."The combined organization will enable us to seamlessly steer all the important activities of Research and Development, with a single objective to further enhance the delivery of much needed new treatment options to patients," Dieter Weinand, president of Bayer's pharmaceuticals division, said of the company's new R&D unit." Joerg has an exceptional track record of bringing new medicines to patients, which have the potential to increase their quality of life and address serious medical conditions, and I trust that our team will be even more successful in doing so together under his leadership," he added.Overall, restructuring activities have cost Bayer €42 million (about $50 million) during the first nine months of 2017, though its pharmaceuticals division was a small piece of that. The company is still working on integrating Monsanto Co., and has also been preoccupied spinning out its Covestro plastics business.As for R&D, Bayer sports a lengthy pipeline and has increased investments into advancing those drugs. The company spent €4.7 billion (about $5.6 billion) on R&D in 2016, up more than 9% from the year prior.Follow
                                    
                                    
                                        Jacob Bell
                                    
                                    on
                                    
                                    
                                        
                                            Twitter
                                        
Subscribe to BioPharma Dive to get the must-read news & insights in your inbox.Topics covered: clinical trials, drug development, regulatory affairs, and much more.
                                The industry group and the pharmacy benefit manager are both being blamed for the high price of drugs, but the complex pricing system only muddies the waters more. 

                            
                                Stepped-up hiring is part of a major investment into Valor Glass, a damage-resistant type of glassware Corning developed together with Merck and Pfizer.

                            
                                Dubbed UK Discovery Centre, the facility could support nearly 1,000 jobs, including 150 new research positions.

                            The free newsletter covering the top industry headlinesTopics covered: clinical trials, drug development, regulatory affairs, and much more.The free newsletter covering the top industry headlinesTopics covered: clinical trials, drug development, regulatory affairs, and much more.