Eli Lilly and Co. has promoted Philip Johnson to senior vice president, finance and treasurer. He currently serves as vice president for investor relations. Johnson has been with Lilly 22 years, serving in a variety of financial roles in the U.S. and overseas. He has been in his current role since 2007 and before that was vice president, finance and chief financial officer for global manufacturing and quality. Prior, Johnson worked for six years in investment banking and management consulting in the U.S. and Europe.The proposed changes to our tax codes being considered by the U.S. Congress will negatively impact our regional economic competitiveness by limiting the ability for Hoosiers to earn a college degree. As for our tax code, clearly it is time to think about better ways to manage how and why we tax. But, in the case of the current tax changes under consideration, the sweeping impact to higher education will have a devastating effect to our communities in the long term.The proposed changes to our tax codes being considered by the U.S. Congress will negatively impact our regional economic competitiveness by limiting the ability for Hoosiers to earn a college degree. As for our tax code, clearly it is time to think about better ways to manage how and why we tax. But, in the case of the current tax changes under consideration, the sweeping impact to higher education will have a devastating effect to our communities in the long term.Roughly 80 miles southwest of Indianapolis, the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane is home to more than 3,200 personnel - approximately two-thirds of them scientists, engineers and skilled technicians. It's the only naval base not on a coast, a unique operation with a singular focus: Overcoming the technical challenges facing America's military to build a decisive technological advantage over our adversaries. As an innovative Navy laboratory part of...Two Indiana schools are ranked among the Best Online Colleges and Universities for 2018. The list from BestColleges.com ranks schools based on data from the National Center for Education Statistics broken down into three categories: Academic Quality, Affordability and Online Programming.Governor Eric Holcomb has made more appointments to state boards and commissions. They include the Alcohol & Tobacco Commission and the Indiana Housing & Community Development Authority Board, as well as a new Jasper County Superior Court judge. Central Indiana will host what tourism officials call the nation's foremost agritourism convention in 2019. The North American Farmers' Direct Marketing Association Inc. convention will take place in Noblesville. IOTD Executive Director Mark Newman says, for a state that prides itself on its agricultural appeal, hosting the event is in Indiana's wheelhouse. The conference will be held at the Embassy Suites conference Center, which is currently under construction.Grow INdiana Media Ventures, LLCInside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick1630 North Meridian StreetSuite 400Indianapolis, IN 46202
                    All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
                