Former Eli Lilly and Co. (NYSE: LLY) Chief Executive Officer John Lechleiter says Indiana has all the tools it needs to be an agbiosciences leader, including heritage, strength in education, life sciences and logistics and an invested state government. Lechleiter was part of a panel on "crossing sector lines" at today's Agbiosciences Innovation Summit in Indianapolis. He says the key is getting all of those players to part with their "narrow self interests" and share ideas and resources.Inside INdiana Business Television Host Gerry Dick moderated the panel, which also included ClearObject Chief Executive Officer John McDonald, DowDuPont Vice President Rajan Gajaria and CTB International Corp. CEO Victor Mancinelli.AgriNovus Indiana Chief Executive Officer Beth Bechdol says the theme or today's summit, "Creating a Movement," reflects research advancements being made in the field. About 250 people from various sectors as well as universities are at today's event at the JW Marriott in downtown Indianapolis.The morning session featured a panel on how agbiosciences research and development efforts are influencing the world. The panel, moderated by former Indiana Biosciences Research Institute Chief Executive Officer David Broecker, included Elanco Animal Health Vice President Aaron Schacht, current IBRI CEO Rainer Fisher, DemandJump Chief Scientist Tyler Foxworthy, DowDuPont Program Management Leader Monica Sorribas and Purdue University Birck Nanotechnology Center Director Ali Shakouri.An afternoon panel on entrepreneurship and investment, moderated by Purdue Senior Vice President Greg Deason, includes Elevate Ventures CEO Chris LaMothe, Spensa Technologies CEO Johnny Park, Open Prairie Ventures founder Jim Schultz and NewLeaf Symbiotics founder and Chief Financial Officer Steve Kahn.AgriNovus says the agbiosciences industry has a $16 billion impact on the state. The organization is fresh off of announcing some major funding. The $4.2 million grant from Indianapolis-based Lilly Endowment Inc. will go toward education, talent and entrepreneurship program.Pictured left to right: ClearObject CEO John McDonald, CTB Inc. CEO Victor Mancinelli, DowDuPont Vice President Rajan Gajaria, and Eli Lilly and Co. Chairman Emeritus John Lechleiter.The proposed changes to our tax codes being considered by the U.S. Congress will negatively impact our regional economic competitiveness by limiting the ability for Hoosiers to earn a college degree. As for our tax code, clearly it is time to think about better ways to manage how and why we tax. But, in the case of the current tax changes under consideration, the sweeping impact to higher education will have a devastating effect to our communities in the long term.The proposed changes to our tax codes being considered by the U.S. Congress will negatively impact our regional economic competitiveness by limiting the ability for Hoosiers to earn a college degree. As for our tax code, clearly it is time to think about better ways to manage how and why we tax. But, in the case of the current tax changes under consideration, the sweeping impact to higher education will have a devastating effect to our communities in the long term.Roughly 80 miles southwest of Indianapolis, the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane is home to more than 3,200 personnel - approximately two-thirds of them scientists, engineers and skilled technicians. It's the only naval base not on a coast, a unique operation with a singular focus: Overcoming the technical challenges facing America's military to build a decisive technological advantage over our adversaries. As an innovative Navy laboratory part of...Two Indiana schools are ranked among the Best Online Colleges and Universities for 2018. The list from BestColleges.com ranks schools based on data from the National Center for Education Statistics broken down into three categories: Academic Quality, Affordability and Online Programming.Governor Eric Holcomb has made more appointments to state boards and commissions. They include the Alcohol & Tobacco Commission and the Indiana Housing & Community Development Authority Board, as well as a new Jasper County Superior Court judge. Central Indiana will host what tourism officials call the nation's foremost agritourism convention in 2019. The North American Farmers' Direct Marketing Association Inc. convention will take place in Noblesville. IOTD Executive Director Mark Newman says, for a state that prides itself on its agricultural appeal, hosting the event is in Indiana's wheelhouse. The conference will be held at the Embassy Suites conference Center, which is currently under construction.Grow INdiana Media Ventures, LLCInside INdiana Business with Gerry Dick1630 North Meridian StreetSuite 400Indianapolis, IN 46202
                    All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
                