




 



 News provided byOct 31, 2017, 07:35 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, October 31, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --If you want a Stock Review on FITB, FMBI, MBFI, or USB then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report. Pre-market today, DailyStockTracker.com monitors Fifth Third Bancorp (NASDAQ:   FITB), First Midwest Bancorp Inc. (NASDAQ:   FMBI), MB Financial Inc. (NASDAQ:   MBFI), and US Bancorp (NYSE:    USB). Regional Midwest Banks are depository institutions that operate in one specific region of a country, in this case, the Midwest region of the United States. These banks provide a wide range of financial services, including deposits, loans, leases, mortgages, credit cards, and ATM services. These free stocks reports are currently available on DailyStockTracker.com. Simply sign up for your complimentary member access at:http://dailystocktracker.com/register/Fifth Third Bancorp Cincinnati, Ohio headquartered Fifth Third Bancorp's stock finished Monday's session 0.21% lower at $29.01. A total volume of 5.00 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 4.95 million shares. Over the last month and the previous three months, the Company's shares have advanced 3.68% and 7.76%, respectively. Additionally, the stock has gained 7.56% since the start of this year. Shares of the Company are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 6.38% and 10.90%, respectively. Moreover, shares of the Company, which operates as a diversified financial services company in the US, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 67.75.On October 18th, 2017, Fifth Third Bancorp announced that the Company is strengthening its Payments and Commerce Solutions team with the hiring of Jed Scala and Siva Gowrishankar. Mr. Scala joins as Executive Vice President and head of Payments and Commerce Solutions, reporting to Tim Spence. Mr. Gowrishankar will serve as senior vice president and head of credit strategy and optimization.On October 25th, 2017, research firm RBC Capital Markets reiterated its 'Outperform' rating on the Company's stock with an increase of the target price from $28 a share to $31 a share. Your complete research report on FITB can be retrieved for free at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=FITB First Midwest Bancorp Shares in Itasca, Illinois headquartered First Midwest Bancorp Inc. declined 2.43%, ending yesterday's session at $22.85 with a total trading volume of 422,861 shares. The stock has gained 2.79% in the previous three months. The Company's shares are trading 1.98% above their 50-day moving average. Moreover, shares of the Company, which operates as a bank holding company for First Midwest Bank that provides various banking products and services, have an RSI of 48.06.  On October 24th, 2017, First Midwest Bancorp reported results of its operations and financial condition for Q3 2017. Net income for Q3 2017 was $38.2 million, net interest income was $120 million, and net interest margin was 3.86%. The Company also improved its efficiency ratio to 59% for the quarter, grew loans to $10.4 billion, and decreased non-performing assets to total loans plus OREO to 0.86%. A free report on FMBI is just a click away at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=FMBI MB Financial On Monday, Chicago, Illinois headquartered MB Financial Inc.'s stock saw a decline of 2.00%, to close the day at $45.57. A total volume of 325,102 shares was traded. The Company's shares have advanced 1.22% in the last one month and 10.34% in the previous three months. The stock is trading 6.01% and 5.81% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of MB Financial have an RSI of 55.19.  On October 24th, 2017, MB Financial announced that it will expand the MB on the Block: Education curriculum - a program aimed at helping high school students earn a living wage by their mid-twenties - for the 2017-2018 school terms by offering certificate credential programs as well as an employee mentoring program. Sign up for your complimentary research report on MBFI at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=MBFI US Bancorp Shares in Minneapolis, Minnesota headquartered US Bancorp ended the day 0.33% lower at $54.26. A total volume of 4.24 million shares was traded. The stock has gained 1.25% in the last one month, 2.47% in the previous three months, and 5.63% since the start of this year. The Company's shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 2.68% and 3.21%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of US Bancorp, which provides a range of financial services in the US, have an RSI of 58.56.  On October 02nd, 2017, research firm Bank of America/ Merrill downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Neutral' to 'Underperform'.On October 27th, 2017, US Bancorp announced that Terry Dolan, Vice Chairman and CFO, and Gunjan Kedia, Vice Chairman, Wealth Management and Securities Services, will present at the BancAnalysts Association of Boston Conference. The presentation will begin at 8:15 a.m. EDT on November 03rd, 2017, in Boston. A live audio webcast of the session will be available on the Company's website. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and download the latest research report on USB at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=USB--Daily Stock Tracker: Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES:The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.  NO WARRANTY DST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visithttp://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com Phone number: (207)331-3313 Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South Africa CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.SOURCE dailystocktracker.comOct 31, 2017, 07:40 ETPreview: Pre-Market Technical Pulse on Oil & Gas Stocks -- Ring Energy, Halcon Resources, Helmerich & Payne, and Pioneer Energy ServicesOct 31, 2017, 07:30 ETPreview: Today's Research Report Coverage on Communication Equipment Stocks -- Harmonic, Mitel Networks, Viavi Solutions, and Harris More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byOct 31, 2017, 07:35 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat