They expect $1.28 EPS, up 18.75% or $0.24 from last year's $1.04 per share. It also demonstrates a stable dividend policy for ASML Holding N.V. connected to the long-run, with viable earnings. ASML Holding NV (ADR) (NASDAQ:ASML) has risen 44.52% since October 19, 2016 and is uptrending. As of quarter end Fisher Asset Management, LLC had acquired 67,528 shares growing its stake by 3.5%. The firm had revenue of $2.45 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.22 billion. ASML Holding N.V. The business's quarterly revenue was up 34.8% compared to the same quarter a year ago. The Business's principal operations are in the Netherlands, the United States and Asia.ASML has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports.Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. (The) set a €144.00 ($169.41) target price on ASML Holding and gave the stock a "buy" rating in a research report on Thursday, July 20th. ASML Holding N.V.'s ROA is rolling at 11.00%, following the ROI of 10.90%. RBC Capital Markets initiated ASML Holding NV (ADR) (NASDAQ:ASML) rating on Thursday, March 17. Barclays PLC set a €140.00 ($164.71) price target on shares of ASML Holding and gave the stock a "buy" rating in a report on Thursday, July 20th. Citigroup Inc. set a €135.00 ($158.82) target price on ASML Holding and gave the stock a "buy" rating in a research report on Wednesday, September 13th.When a stock traded on high volume like here ASML stock traded then is it is good time for active Investors to attain the opportunity of this situation. The stock had a trading volume of 569,982 shares. ASML Holding N.V. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $166.70 and a 200 day moving average price of $145.76. The company has market cap of $6.98 million. The rating was downgraded by JP Morgan to "Underweight" on Friday, July 1. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC boosted its position in shares of ASML Holding N.V.by 8.7% in the 1st quarter. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership raised its holdings in ASML Holding N.V.by 5.8% in the 2nd quarter. American Trust Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of ASML Holding N.V.in the 2nd quarter worth about $229,000.Traders are a little more bearish on shares of the company lately as shown by the change in short interest.About ASML Holding N.V.ASML Holding N.V. had a net margin of 23.81% and a return on equity of 19.82%. The Firm is a maker of chip-making equipment. The Company is engaged in the development, production, marketing, selling and servicing of semiconductor equipment systems, consisting of lithography systems.
Federal Judge in Maryland Blocks Trump's Latest Travel Ban Attempt
		
				A second federal judge has blocked the Trump administration's latest travel ban hours before it was set to take full effect. Back in June, a few days after an appeals court upheld a stay of the second version of the ban, Trump took to Twitter.			
Trump's solo mission against health care is risky 
		
				Insurers have long lobbied for the tax to be repealed, resulting in a one-year delay passed by Congress at the end of 2015. President Trump applauds members of the audience before speaking at the Heritage Foundation on October 17 in Washington.			
JP Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Accern Reports
		
				It increased, as 82 investors sold T shares while 619 reduced holdings. 23 funds opened positions while 41 raised stakes. The stock has "Buy" rating by Jefferies on Wednesday, February 24. (NYSE:JPM) on Thursday, July 6 with "Neutral" rating.			
Scott orders flags flown at half-staff to honor Sgt. La David Johnson
		
				The legislation she sponsored named the building after Grogan and Dove, a law enacted just days before the ceremony. The official told ABC News that Johnson's locator beacon was giving unclear reports, and he seemed to be moving.			
Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL)
		
				It dropped, as 81 investors sold Biogen Inc shares while 321 reduced holdings. 48 funds opened positions while 114 raised stakes. Corporate insiders own 29.00% of the company's stock. (NYSE:DCI) has "Neutral" rating given on Tuesday, November 3 by SunTrust.			
Sharif, daughter, son-in-law indicted for graft
		
				The cases were registered after the Supreme Court disqualified Sharif as prime minister on July 28 in the Panama Papers scandal. The court had also indicted Sharif's daughter Maryam and son-in-law Capt. (retd) Safdar in London apartments' reference.			
CBI seeks permission from government to reopen Bofors probe
		
				Late a year ago , CBI had informed the Supreme Court that authorities had not permitted it to file an appeal against the verdict. He, during an interview to a TV news channel, said he was ready to testify and assist the Indian agencies in the Bofors case .			
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ready to fight for Liverpool place
		
				We've been creating scoring chances without managing to turn them into goals . But everything "clicked" in Maribor, according to Oxlade-Chamberlain.			
Nationwide FBI sex-trafficking crackdown nets 120 arrests; 84 underage victims rescued
		
				The FBI says OCC XI included officers staging operations in hotels, casinos, truck stops, street corners, and websites. Among the minors rescued were children as young as a five-year-old girl and her three-month-old sister.			
Diwali Night Pollution in Delhi Breached Emergency Levels, Air Quality Deteriorates
		
				The AQI registered 402 on the scale - the uppermost being 500 - according to data from 14 monitoring stations in Delhi. Views were divided on Friday morning when many were shocked and angry to wake up to a sharp rise in pollution level.			Categories:Edition:© 2015 . All Rights reserved.