

This page was added to your Bookmark.
Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.
Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
Skyworks Solutions Inc (NASDAQ:SWKS) files its latest 10-K with SEC for the fiscal year ended on September 30, 2017. Skyworks Solutions Inc is engaged in producing semiconductors for wireless handsets that are used to enable wireless connectivity. Its products include power amplifiers, filters, and integrated front-end modules. Skyworks Solutions Inc has a market cap of $20.26 billion; its shares were traded at around $110.29 with a P/E ratio of 20.38 and P/S ratio of 5.64. The dividend yield of Skyworks Solutions Inc stocks is 1.05%. Skyworks Solutions Inc had annual average EBITDA growth of 30.20% over the past ten years. GuruFocus rated Skyworks Solutions Inc the business predictability rank of 4.5-star.For the last quarter Skyworks Solutions Inc reported a revenue of $984.6 million, compared with the revenue of $835.4 million during the same period a year ago. For the latest fiscal year the company reported a revenue of $3.7 billion, an increase of 11% from last year. For the last five years Skyworks Solutions Inc had an average revenue growth rate of 20.1% a year. The reported diluted earnings per share was $5.41 for the year, an increase of 4.4% from previous year. Over the last five years Skyworks Solutions Inc had an EPS growth rate of 43.2% a year. The Skyworks Solutions Inc enjoyed an operating margin of 34.34%, compared with the operating margin of 34.01% a year before. The 10-year historical median operating margin of Skyworks Solutions Inc is 20.04%. The profitability rank of the company is 9 (out of 10).At the end of the fiscal year, Skyworks Solutions Inc has the cash and cash equivalents of $1.6 billion, compared with $1.1 billion in the previous year. The company had no long term debt. Skyworks Solutions Inc has a financial strength rank of 9 (out of 10).At the current stock price of $110.29, Skyworks Solutions Inc is traded at 79.6% premium to its historical median P/S valuation band of $61.42. The P/S ratio of the stock is 5.64, while the historical median P/S ratio is 3.14. The intrinsic value of the stock is $154.01 a share, according to GuruFocus DCF Calculator. The stock gained 46.98% during the past 12 months. For the complete 20-year historical financial data of SWKS, click here.Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes) Select portfolio(s):Why you are interested?
Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.

Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.
Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.GF Chat