- Members of Marriott Rewards and SPG Can Get Exclusive VIP Access to Toronto Maple Leaf Hockey Events –TORONTO, Nov. 22, 2017 /CNW/ - Marriott International, the country's leading lodging company, is proud to announce a multi-year partnership with Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment (MLSE), making Marriott International the preferred hotel company for the Toronto Maple Leafs.The 100 million+  global members of Marriott's three loyalty programs - Marriott Rewards, The Ritz-Carlton Rewards, and Starwood Preferred Guests (SPG), including the more than 3.7 million members in Canada, will be big winners with the partnership. Members will be able to redeem points on Marriott Rewards Moments and SPG Moments for once-in-a-lifetime hockey themed experiences with players and legends of the game. "The cross country popularity of hockey makes the Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment an ideal partner to provide members of Marriott Rewards and SPG with once-in-a-lifetime experiences," said Don Cleary, President of Marriott International Canada. "We know that Canadians – more so than ever – travel for experiences and our partnership with the Toronto Maple Leafs unlocks the potential for memorable travel.""The Toronto Maple Leafs are happy to partner with Marriott International, our country's leading lodging organization," said Jeff Deline, Vice President of Global Partnerships at MLSE. "Our hockey club has always strived to deliver incredible experiences for our fans and we're looking forward to working alongside a brand that does the same for their guests.  We know that our fan base love to travel to cheer on their team and this partnership will provide opportunities for incredible memories."To celebrate the launch of the partnership, Maple Leaf Alumnus Darcy Tucker and Johnny Bower, surprised an unsuspecting Marriott Rewards member when he checked into Delta Hotels By Marriott Toronto. What was booked as a Marriott Rewards weekend stay in Toronto with Leafs tickets, turned out to be a "money can't buy" experience with the Toronto Maple Leafs including a morning skate with the team, a behind the scenes tour of Air Canada Centre, an opportunity to bump gloves with the Maple Leafs team as they took to the ice, and the chance to watch the hockey game from VIP platinum seats.  A video of his experience is available here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xlq9Xh11zV8&feature=youtu.beAbout Marriott InternationalMarriott International, Inc. (NASDAQ: MAR) is based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and encompasses a portfolio of more than 6,400 properties in 30 leading hotel brands spanning 126 countries and territories. The company also operates award-winning loyalty programs: Marriott Rewards®, which includes The Ritz-Carlton Rewards®, and Starwood Preferred Guest®.  Marriott Hotels of Canada continues to rank as one of the top 50 best places to work in Canada by AON Hewitt and was awarded Hotelier Magazine's prestigious Company of the Year Pinnacle award for 2015. For more information, please visit our website at www.marriott.com, and for the latest company news, visit www.marriottnewscenter.com. Connect with us on Facebook and @MarriottIntl on Twitter and Instagram.SOURCE  Marriott Hotels & Resorts CanadaYour Personalized Market Center