WASHINGTON, Nov. 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Expert Drones™, a subsidiary of Dronepire Inc., announced today it has teamed with Marriott International to utilize sophisticated drone technology to bring the innovative world of drone racing to W Hotels. The experience will be featured at the newly renovated W Fort Lauderdale on November 28, 2017.W Hotels' "Drone Dash" is an immersive drone race taking place both inside and outside the property that brings the action-packed world of drone racing to the hotel space.  Guests at the newly reimagined hotel will experience first-hand the excitement of drones racing around the property as they highlight the dramatic renovation and beachside views from a perspective unlike ever before. The entire interactive experience brought to you by the Expert Drones national race team, made up of some of the best drone pilots in the world. "Drone technology is being utilized in a variety of different ways, but never before like this," said Brett Velicovich, Managing Partner of Expert Drones. "We're excited to be working with innovators like W Hotels to give a voice to drones in the hotel space. This is further proof of Marriott International and W Hotels' commitment to empowering their guests with emerging and innovative technologies."Without a doubt, drone racing is the latest craze within the action sports world. Professional drone racers can reach speeds upwards of 90mph and fly in and out of various obstacles through the use of high definition cameras. W Hotels' Drone Dash gives guests a taste of this at safe speeds, allowing pilots the ability to race both indoors and outdoors creating a visual spectacle for guests in a controlled environment. W Hotels' Drone Dash immersive experience has already created a buzz with some major industry players.  About Expert Drones™Expert Drones Live Events Department creates customized drone immersive experiences and activations for Fortune 500 companies looking to experience the world of drones, including drone races and custom courses, corporate events and conferences.  More information can be found at www.ExpertDrones.com/drone-events.About Marriott InternationalMarriott International, Inc. (NASDAQ: MAR) is based in Bethesda, Maryland, USA, and encompasses a portfolio of more than 6,400 properties in 30 leading hotel brands spanning 126 countries and territories. Marriott operates and franchises hotels and licenses vacation ownership resorts all around the world. The company also operates award-winning loyalty programs: Marriott Rewards®, which includes The Ritz-Carlton Rewards®, and Starwood Preferred Guest®. For more information, please visit our website at www.marriott.com, and for the latest company news, visit www.marriottnewscenter.com. In addition, connect with us on Facebook and @MarriottIntl on Twitter and Instagram.Media Contacts:Moh Osman, Expert Drones rel="nofollow">support@expertdrones.com(202) 657-1989www.expertdrones.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/marriott-international-and-expert-drones-team-to-bring-drone-event-to-the-newly-renovated-w-fort-lauderdale-300556584.htmlSOURCE  Dronepire Inc.Your Personalized Market Center