From BlackRock: Income can play a role in your portfolio no matter where you are in your investment journey.If you’re retired, income is very likely your top investment objective: how to turn a lifetime of savings into a dependable stream of cash to meet expenses. But income isn’t just for retirees. Millennials and Gen Xers, still building for growth, often prefer the relatively steady return from reinvested dividends and interest that compounds over time.Income investors are faced with a conundrum, however. The Federal Reserve (Fed) has raised interest rates four times since 2015, but yields are still at historic lows. For people looking for ways to boost the income of a portfolio, that has often meant casting a wider net than the traditional core holdings of U.S. Treasuries and investment grade corporate bonds.Fortunately, investors have lots of options to consider. Where you land depends on a host of factors, from your personal risk tolerance and time horizon to where you (or your financial advisor) believe the economy and markets are headed.Back in 2007, before the financial crisis, a portfolio of investment grade bonds would have yielded comfortably over 5%. Today, those bonds yield just over 3%; the 10-year Treasury currently generates about 2.3% (source: Bloomberg, as of 10/19/2017). To get the same yield levels, then, investors need to take on more risk.Because bonds are income-generating instruments, they’re the natural place to look first. For example, income has driven about 90% of annual bond returns over the past 10 years, based on the Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. That said, while stock prices have been more volatile, and unusually strong in recent years, dividend yields still added about 2% to stock market returns each year.Digging a little deeper, different assets have distinct risk/return profiles.As the chart below shows, however, higher risk doesn’t necessarily translate into higher income.(30-Day SEC Yields of iShares ETFs)The performance quoted represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Investment return and principal value of an investment will fluctuate so that an investor’s shares, when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original cost. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance quoted. Performance data current to the most recent month end and standardized performance may be obtained by clicking here.Given the risks required to enhance income potential, investors may not want to rely on one source of investment income. For example, master limited partnerships (MLPs) tend to have revenues that are driven by oil prices as the source of the cash flow. From 2012 to 2014, investors bought $7.0 billion of ETFs that held MLPs for the higher yields. Energy prices declined in the second half of 2014, and in 2015 MLPs returned -32.6% using the Alerian MLP Index. (Source: Bloomberg and Alerian.)Rather than trying to time returns, consider targeting yield from a diversified mix of assets. Exchange traded funds (ETFs) are a convenient, low-cost way to add specific exposures to a portfolio. For those investors pursuing diversified income in a single ticker, consider the iShares Morningstar Multi-Asset Income ETF (IYLD), which seeks to track an index that aims to deliver high current income while providing an opportunity for capital appreciation by allocating 60% to bonds, 20% to stocks and 20% to alternative income sources.Karen Schenone, CFA, is a Fixed Income Product Strategist within BlackRock’s Global Fixed Income Group and a regular contributor to The Blog.Learn more about how consistent investment performance and low fees are critical to achieving your fixed income goals in today’s environment.The iShares S&P US Preferred Stock ETF (PFF) was unchanged in premarket trading Thursday. Year-to-date, PFF has gained 6.37%, versus a 16.26% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.PFF currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 18 ETFs in the Convertible Bond/Preferred Stock ETFs category.This article is brought to you courtesy of BlackRock.Tags: Blackrock high yield iShares S&P US Pref Stock Idx Fnd (ETF)(NASDAQ:PFF) NASDAQ:PFF NYSE:PFF Preferred StockCategories: ETF BASIC NEWS Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com!Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy.We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system.We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance.