MilTechPR DistributionStock Monitor: Tata Motors Post Earnings ReportingLONDON, UK / ACCESSWIRE / November 30, 2017 / Active-Investors issued a free report on Toyota Motor Corp. (NYSE: TM) („TMC”), which is readily accessible upon registration at www.active-investors.com/registration-sg/?symbol=TM as the Company’s latest news hit the wire. On November 28, 2017, the Company announced that it plans to modify its executive lineup and revise its organizational structure in order to further strengthen cooperation among companies of the Toyota Group and boost business innovation. Sign up now for our free research reports at:www.active-investors.com/registration-sgActive-Investors.com is currently working on the research report for Tata Motors Limited (NYSE: TTM), which also belongs to the Consumer Goods sector as the Company Toyota Motor. Do not miss out and become a member today for free to access this upcoming report at:www.active-investors.com/registration-sg/?symbol=TTMActive-Investors.com is focused on giving you timely information and the inside line on companies that matter to you. This morning, Toyota Motor most recent news is on our radar and we have decided to include it on our blog post. Today’s free coverage is available at:www.active-investors.com/registration-sg/?symbol=TMExecutives in North America at Toyota Motor North America (TMNA) and Toyota Research Institute (TRI) were also the part of the executive and organizational changes announced. The executive changes will be effective on January 01, 2018.Reasons Supporting Structural ChangesTMC intends to concentrate the capabilities of Toyota Group’s companies and appoint the right people among a diversified workforce from within and outside Toyota to the right positions. The Company wants to transform the structure into one that makes possible decision-making close to customers and close to where the action takes place, and to transform the roles and awareness of executives and to accelerate management oversight.Major Changes in Organizational StructureStructural Changes Include Appointment of People with High Levels of ExpertiseCommenting on the announcement, Akio Toyoda, President of TMC, stated that the structural changes include the appointment of people with high levels of expertise, regardless of time with the Company, or age, and from the perspective of having the right people in the right places. Knowing that the customer comes first, the Company needs to have people who understand the workplace well enough to lead with quick judgment, quick decisions, and quick action through genchi genbutsu (on-site learning and problem-solving) as they see fit in response to all kinds of situations.TMC Made Regular Personnel Changes in AprilTMC announced regular personnel changes at the sub-executive managerial level in April 2017. Following the changes, the Company made subsequent changes in June, August, and November, as needed, and has also decided to advance the timing of executive changes next year from the traditional April to January.About Toyota Motor Corp. (TMC)Founded in 1937, TMC is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Toyota, Aichi. TMC is the world’s largest automotive manufacturer, and the world’s market leader in sales of hybrid electric vehicles.Stock Performance SnapshotNovember 29, 2017 – At Wednesday’s closing bell, Toyota Motor’s stock marginally declined 0.32%, ending the trading session at $126.55.Volume traded for the day: 128.18 thousand shares.Stock performance in the last month – up 1.74%; previous three-month period – up 12.70%; past twelve-month period – up 6.97%; and year-to-date – up 7.98%After yesterday’s close, Toyota Motor’s market cap was at $208.53 billion.Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio was at 10.88.The stock has a dividend yield of 2.95%.The stock is part of the Consumer Goods sector, categorized under the Auto Manufacturers – Major industry.Active-Investors:Active-Investors (A-I) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and Canadian stocks. A-I has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles, and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.A-I has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES:The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third-party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email [email protected]. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charter-holder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by A-I. A-I is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.NO WARRANTYA-I, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. A-I, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, A-I, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.NOT AN OFFERINGThis document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither A-I nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://active-investors.com/legal-disclaimer/.CONTACTFor any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you’ re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at:Email: [email protected]Phone number: 73 29 92 6381Office Address: 6, Jalan Kia Peng, Kuala Lumpur, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Wilayah Persekutuan Kuala Lumpur, MalaysiaCFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.SOURCE: Active-Investors




(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

