BOISE, Idaho, Nov.  30, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Micron Technology Inc. (Nasdaq:MU) today announced that the company has appointed Derek Dicker as vice president and general manager of the Storage Business Unit.In this role, Dicker will be responsible for leading and expanding Micron’s solid-state storage business. This includes building world-class storage solutions to address the growing opportunity in large market segments like cloud, enterprise and client computing. He will report to Sumit Sadana, Micron's executive vice president and chief business officer.Dicker has 20 years of experience in the semiconductor industry, including sales, marketing and executive roles at Intel, IDT, PMC-Sierra and Microsemi Corporation. Most recently, he served as vice president and business unit manager of performance storage at Microsemi, where he led a global organization and drove all general management functions.“Derek’s deep technical expertise and experience in the storage industry make him the ideal choice to lead our storage business,” Sadana said. “His strategic mindset, coupled with his outstanding track record of business leadership, will help us fully capitalize on our leading-edge NAND technologies and solutions.”Dicker holds a bachelor’s degree in computer science and engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles.Additional career information on Derek Dicker is available at http://www.micron.com/media. About MicronWe are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions. Through our global brands – Micron®, Crucial® and Ballistix® – our broad portfolio of high-performance memory and storage technologies – including DRAM, NAND, NOR Flash and 3D XPoint™ memory – is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Backed by more than 35 years of technology leadership, our memory and storage solutions enable disruptive trends, including artificial intelligence, machine learning and autonomous vehicles, in key market segments like cloud, data center, networking and mobile. Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq under the MU symbol. To learn more about Micron Technology Inc., visit micron.com.The Micron logo and Micron symbol are trademarks of Micron Technology, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.Public Relations Contact:Marc Musgrove +1 (208) 363-2405, mmusgrove@micron.com  Investor Relations Contact: Shanye Hudson+1 (208) 492-1205, shudson@micron.comMicron Technology, Inc.  Subscribe via RSS Subscribe via ATOM Javascript  Boise, Idaho, UNITED STATES


Derek Dicker

(JPEG - 374 x 800)

Formats available:


Micron Technology, Inc.  Logo

Formats available: