Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Value investing is easily one of the most popular ways to find great stocks in any market environment. After all, who wouldn't want to find stocks that are either flying under the radar and are compelling buys, or offer up tantalizing discounts when compared to fair value?One way to find these companies is by looking at several key metrics and financial ratios, many of which are crucial in the value stock selection process. Let's put Intel Corporation INTC  stock into this equation and find out if it is a good choice for value-oriented investors right now, or if investors subscribing to this methodology should look elsewhere for top picks: PE Ratio A key metric that value investors always look at is the Price to Earnings Ratio, or PE for short. This shows us how much investors are willing to pay for each dollar of earnings in a given stock, and is easily one of the most popular financial ratios in the world. The best use of the PE ratio is to compare the stock's current PE ratio with: a) where this ratio has been in the past; b) how it compares to the average for the industry/sector; and c) how it compares to the market as a whole.On this front, Intel has a trailing twelve months PE ratio of 14.3, as you can see in the chart below:  This level actually compares pretty favorably with the market at large, as the PE for the S&P 500 stands at about 20.7. If we focus on the long-term PE trend, Intel's current PE level puts it above its midpoint over the past five years, with the number having risen rapidly over the past few months.  Further, the stock's PE also compares favorably with the broader sector's trailing twelve months PE ratio, which stands at 21.2. At the very least, this indicates that the stock is relatively undervalued right now, compared to its peers.   P/S Ratio Another key metric to note is the Price/Sales ratio. This approach compares a given stock's price to its total sales, where a lower reading is generally considered better. Some people like this metric more than other value-focused ones because it looks at sales, something that is far harder to manipulate with accounting tricks than earnings.Right now, Intel has a P/S ratio of about 3.5. This is a bit lower than the broader industry average, which comes in at 4.9x right now. Also, as we can see in the chart below, this is well below the highs for this stock in particular over the past few years.   Broad Value Outlook In aggregate, Intel currently has a Value Score of B, putting it into the top 40% of all stocks we cover from this look. This makes Intel a solid choice for value investors, and some of its other key metrics make this pretty clear too.For example, the P/CF ratio (another great indicator of value) comes in at 10.3, which is far better than the industry average of 22.1. Clearly, INTC is a solid choice on the value front from multiple angles. What About the Stock Overall? Though Intel might be a good choice for value investors, there are plenty of other factors to consider before investing in this name. In particular, it is worth noting that the company has a Growth Score of D and a Momentum Score of B. This gives INTC a Zacks VGM score - or its overarching fundamental grade - of B. (You can read more about the Zacks Style Scores here >>  )Meanwhile, the company's recent earnings estimates have been favorable. The current quarter has seen eleven estimates go higher in the past sixty days compared to no lower, while the full year estimate has seen twelve up in the same time period.This has had just a small impact on the consensus estimate though as the current quarter consensus estimate has increased 3.6% in the past two months, while the full year estimate has increased 6.6%. You can see the consensus estimate trend and recent price action for the stock in the chart below:  Intel Corporation Price and Consensus       Intel Corporation Price and Consensus    |      Intel Corporation Quote  This positive trend signifies bullish analyst sentiment, and its Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) indicates robust fundamentals and expectations of outperformance in the near term. Bottom Line Intel is an inspired choice for value investors, as it is hard to beat its incredible lineup of statistics on this front. Furthermore, a top industry rank (among Top 3% of more than 250 industries) boosts investor confidence. In fact, over the past two years, the broader industry has clearly outperformed the market at large, as you can see below:  So, it might pay for value investors to delve deeper into the company's prospects, as fundamentals indicate that this stock could be a compelling pick. Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric   Cars? Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.It's not the one you think.   See This Ticker Free >>   
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.