Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!Intel Corporation ( INTC  ) will begin trading ex-dividend on November 06, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.273 per share is scheduled to be paid on December 01, 2017. Shareholders who purchased INTC prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This marks the 3rd quarter that INTC has paid the same dividend. At the current stock price of $47.1, the dividend yield is 2.31%.The previous trading day's last sale of INTC was $47.1, representing a -0.28% decrease from the 52 week high of $47.23 and a 41.74% increase over the 52 week low of $33.23.INTC is a part of the Technology sector, which includes companies such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. ( TSM  ) and NVIDIA Corporation ( NVDA  ). INTC's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $2.86. Zacks Investment Research reports INTC's forecasted earnings growth in 2017 as 19.37%, compared to an industry average of 32.8%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit the INTC Dividend History  page. Our  Dividend Calendar  has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today. Interested in gaining exposure to INTC through an Exchange Traded Fund [ETF]?   The following ETF(s) have INTC as a top-10 holding: The top-performing ETF of this group is PSI with an increase of 18.82% over the last 100 days. SOXX has the highest percent weighting of INTC at 9.32%.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.