Intel publishes its own benchmark comparisons with AMD's EPYC.Sifting the benchmarks.The missing performance metric: energy efficiency.Rethink Technology business briefs for November 28, 2017.

Source: AnandtechFollowing the announcement by Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) that its EPYC server processor had set some benchmark records, Intel (INTC) launched a media counter offensive. It shared a suite of benchmarks, which, surprise, surprise, showed that Intel beat AMD in most tests.Tech sites that received the Intel briefing were fairly circumspect, since it was obvious what Intel was trying to do. Perhaps the best treatment was by Anandtech's resident server, datacenter, and HPC expert Johan De Gelas, Head of Server Research at HOWEST University of Applied Sciences in Belgium. De Gelas has a broad and deep understanding of server architectures and writes the reviews of server products for Anandtech. De Gelas also had the benefit of being one of the few people to have independently benchmarked EPYC.Although the top of the line Skylake Xeon is the Platinum 8180, the more significant results are those of the 8160, since that server (shown above), in two socket configuration approximately matched the price of the similarly configured two socket EPYC. In most of Intel's results, the important matchups are EPYC 7601 vs. the Xeon 8160.First of all, De Gelas points out that the SPEC (Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation) benchmarks of which both AMD and Intel are so proud don't really reflect real world performance. Thus, he glossed over the SPEC benchmarks in favor of real world server workload testing.

De Gelas is openly skeptical of some of the benchmark results, such as Java, Memory Caching and Server Virtualization benchmarks. He believes these could be easily skewed towards Intel.However, De Gelas seemed satisfied that the Database and Transaction Processing benchmarks were fairly representative. For one, he had seen similar results in his own testing, and he could explain the results by virtue of the Non-Uniform Memory Access (NUMA) architecture that's inherent in EPYC's multi-chip approach which combines four separate dies through its proprietary Infinity Fabric.In High Performance Computing (HPC) workloads, EPYC fared better overall, but in most tests, the Xeon 8160 system was equal or better. De Gelas points out, however, that in most cases, GPUs perform many times faster for these workloads than CPUs, making the competition more or less irrelevant. This is certainly the case in the next generation supercomputers that the US is building.In his conclusions, De Gelas points out that Intel doesn't touch the issue of energy efficiency, a critical consideration for the datacenter:One interesting element to the whole scenario is that at no point does Intel ever approach the performance per watt angle in these discussions. It leaves a big question unanswered from Intel - perhaps we should invoke Hanlon's Razor at this point and call it a missed opportunity, rather than suggest that Intel does not want to speak about power. Our own results showed a win for AMD's EPYC here though, when comparing two 145W Xeon 8176 parts to two 180W EPYC 7601 parts. More testing on specific workloads is needed.Here are the energy consumption results from De Gelas' previous test:SKUTDP(on paper)specIdleServerWMySQLBest Throughputat Lowest Resp. Time (*)(W)POV-Ray100% CPU loadDual Xeon E5-2699 v42x145 W106412425Dual Xeon 81762x165W190300453Dual EPYC 76012x180W151321327The much lower power consumption for EPYC when running the processor fully loaded (as in the POV-Ray test) certainly suggests a significant efficiency advantage, but as De Gelas says, more testing is needed.My general takeaway from the Intel presentation (and you can view the whole slide deck here) is that Intel seems to be running a little scared. It's actually impressive how close AMD has gotten to Intel's best performance, given from where AMD started. And the fact that Intel wouldn't even talk about energy efficiency almost certainly confirms that Intel is disadvantaged in that regard.AMD still has a tough job persuading datacenters to switch, however. And both AMD and Intel face a dark horse candidate in the form of the Qualcomm (QCOM) Centriq 2400, which appears to beat Intel Architecture (x86) processors in general for energy efficiency.Although much attention is focused on the Intel vs. AMD battle, in the long run, I'm betting on Qualcomm to win based on the energy efficiency and cost of its ARM architecture server processors.Qualcomm is part of the Rethink Technology Portfolio and has a buy rating.Disclosure: I am/we are long QCOM. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.