Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000U.S. equities ended Monday little changed as declining oil prices pulled down energy stocks at the start of a busy news week.West Texas Intermediate crude slipped after U.S. drillers expanded operations while OPEC and Russia prepare to discuss longer supply curbs. The S&P 500 Index fell less than 0.05 percent, giving up early gains, as companies including Marathon Oil Corp. and Newfield Exploration Co. dropped. “After rallying to a two-and-a-half year high, WTI is stumbling lower ahead of the OPEC meeting later this week, as fears creep in that a production cut extension may not be formally announced,” Matt Smith, director of commodity research at Clipper Data, said in an email.Western Digital Corp., Seagate Technology Plc and Micron Technology Inc. dragged on the Nasdaq 100 Index after Morgan Stanley downgraded Western Digital. Reports of North Korea preparing a missile launch may also have affected markets, as the yen moved higher.Meanwhile, investors are gearing up for a big week, with U.S. President Donald Trump scheduled to address Senate Republicans Tuesday ahead of a potential vote on a tax overhaul. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen testifies before the congressional Joint Economic Committee in Washington, and the confirmation hearing for her nominated successor, Jerome Powell, begins. Adding to the mix are data on U.S. GDP, prices and jobs.“To me, Powell is probably going to largely continue the existing policy,” Jerry Paul, senior vice president of fixed income and portfolio manager at Icon Funds in Denver, said by phone. “But the real question is what’s the real composition of the Fed gong to look like in 2018? People keep talking about the Fed’s intentions for 2018, but we’ve largely got an empty board there.”The Stoxx Europe 600 Index fell as defensive sectors such as real estate and utilities outperformed cyclical shares, with Deutsche Bank AG recommending a switch. The euro declined and German bonds gained as the country moved closer to forming a new government.Nickel led a slump in industrial metals, with copper declining for the first time in seven sessions. Precious metals had a better day, with gold and platinum rising.Terminal subscribers can read our Markets Live blog.Here are some key events coming up this week:These are the main moves in markets:— With assistance by Abhishek Vishnoi, Adam Haigh, and Cormac Mullen