Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!Looking at the sectors faring worst as of midday Monday, shares of Energy companies are underperforming other sectors, showing a 1.0% loss. Within that group, Marathon Oil Corp. (Symbol: MRO) and Cimarex Energy Co (Symbol: XEC) are two of the day's laggards, showing a loss of 3.4% and 2.9%, respectively. Among energy ETFs  , one ETF following the sector is the Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF (Symbol: XLE), which is down 0.9% on the day, and down 8.43% year-to-date. Marathon Oil Corp., meanwhile, is down 14.41% year-to-date, and Cimarex Energy Co, is down 16.46% year-to-date. Combined, MRO and XEC make up approximately 2.0% of the underlying holdings of XLE. The next worst performing sector is the Technology & Communications sector, showing a 0.3% loss. Among large Technology & Communications stocks, Western Digital Corp (Symbol: WDC) and Seagate Technology plc (Symbol: STX) are the most notable, showing a loss of 6.8% and 3.5%, respectively. One ETF closely tracking Technology & Communications stocks is the Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF ( XLK  ), which is flat on the day in midday trading, and up 34.64% on a year-to-date basis. Western Digital Corp, meanwhile, is up 29.42% year-to-date, and Seagate Technology plc is up 6.76% year-to-date. Combined, WDC and STX make up approximately 0.7% of the underlying holdings of XLK.      25 Dividend Giants Widely Held By ETFs » 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.