
November 19, 2017 - By Henry Gaston
Shares of Ambev SA (BVMF:ABEV3) last traded at 20.54, representing a move of 0.59%, or 0.12 per share, on volume of 9.25 million shares. After opening the trading day at 20.39, shares of Ambev SA traded in a close range. Ambev SA currently has a total float of 15.71 billion shares and on average sees 13.34M shares exchange hands each day. The stock now has a 52-week low of 15.79 and high of 22.7.In South America, Brazil has one of the most influential economies— thanks to its thriving and healthy trade and commerce environment. It is impossible to question the nation’s fast-paced economic growth with a valuable equity market contributing a lot to the process. And among many growing companies Ambev SA stays one of the main players there.One of South America’s largest stock exchanges is the main stock exchange in Brazil, the Brazilian Mercantile and Futures (BM&F) Bovespa. Given its global dominance and influence, it has offices all over the world, particularly in big cities such as Shanghai, New York City (NYC), and London.The pre-market trading on the BM&F Bovespa lasts for 15 minutes, starting at 9:45 a.m. and ending at 10:00 a.m; the regular trading lasts for seven and a half hours, starting at 10:00 a.m. and ending at 5:30 p.m.; and the post-market trading lasts for an hour and a half, starting at 6:00 p.m. and ending at 7:30 p.m.The Ibovespa Brasil Sao Paulo Stock Exchange Index, on the other hand, is the market-capitalization-weighted index that tracks the 50 largest companies listed on the BM&F Bovespa, representing 70% of its total market valuation. Ambev SA is one of the members of IBOV.The Ibovespa is rebalanced four times a year in order to make sure that the components provide a clearer picture of the BM&F Bovespa. Eligibility for inclusion in the Ibovespa depends on several factors. First, a company must of course be listed on the BM&F Bovespa— for not less than one year. Also, 80% or more of its shares must also be traded on the BM&F Bovespa actively.The Brazilian equity market is one of those with rich histories backing its success.Established on August 23, 1890, the BM&F Bovespa is one of the first stock exchanges in South America. The government had a tight grip on it as a public entity during that time.Nearly a hundred years after the establishment of the BM&F Bovespa, electronic trading had finally been implemented in 1972. A few years later, the Private System of Telephone Trading had been launched to enable trading through the telephone.In 1997, the Mega Bolsa, an all-new and improved electronic trading system, had been introduced to replace the old one. Before the end of that decade, the Home Broker, an online trading system, has been launched to make trading at home more convenient for investors and to facilitate faster transactions.In 2007, the BM&F Bovespa had finally become a profit entity. And it gave the green light to the Ambev SA company. Without the government strictly interfering in its operations, the trade and commerce industry in Brazil had flourished further. On May 8, 2008, it had officially become the BM&F Bovespa after the successful merger of the BM&F Exchange and the Bovespa.There is no better way to enter the South American equity market than to invest on BM&F Bovespa stocks; and the best time to bet on Brazil’s growth prospects in the long run is today.More important recent Ambev SA (BVMF:ABEV3) news were published by: Reuters.com which released: “UPDATE 1-Ambev results mixed on higher pricing, weak volumes” on October 26, 2017, also Livetradingnews.com published article titled: “Ambev SA (ADR) (NYSE:ABEV) Daily Technical Outlook”, Gurufocus.com published: “Ako Capital Llp Buys Ecolab Inc, Ambev SA, Sells Core Laboratories NV, Nike Inc” on November 06, 2017. More interesting news about Ambev SA (BVMF:ABEV3) was released by: Livetradingnews.com and their article: “Ambev SA (ADR) (NYSE:ABEV) Short Term Downward Trend” with publication date: October 24, 2017.Ambev SA, formerly Inbev Participacoes Societarias SA, is a Brazil firm engaged in the brewing sector. The company has market cap of $322.84 billion. The Firm produces and sells beer, carbonated soft drinks and other non-alcoholic and non-carbonated (NANC) beverages across the Americas. It has a 36.84 P/E ratio. The Company’s activities are divided into three divisions: Latin America North, including sell of beer, CSD and NANC drinks in Brazil, as well as activities in Dominican Republic, Saint Vincent, Antigua, Dominica, Guatemala, El Salvador, Nicaragua and Cuba; Latin America South, distributing products in Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay, Chile, Ecuador, Peru and Colombia, and Canada, represented by Labatt’s operations, which comprises sales in Canada.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our daily email newsletter.


var data = "63557954";
document.write('<ins class="adsbygoogle" style="background-color:transparent; display:inline-block;width:300px;height:600px;" data-ad-client="ca-pub-16900'+data+'675" data-ad-slot="8925061741"></ins>')

(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});