
Shaers of Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALGN) have been recommended as a long term growth pick according to Beta Research.  With the firm’s stock price currently trading around $257.99, the firm has proven a solid track record of growth over the past few years.  Investors might consider the stock as a long term growth candidate as the firm has yielded 22.90% earnings per share growth over the past 5 years and 17.60% revenue growth over that same time frame. Long-term growth (LTG) is an investing strategy where a stock will (hopefully) grow in value for a relatively long period of time.  Long-term growth should be considered to be a relative term, due to different styles and goals of investors, but the endgame is the same. A “buy-and-hold” investor will consider long-term growth as a longer time period then a day trader will. The buy-and-hold strategy looks ahead farther into the future, giving short-term price swings less consideration as long as the fundamentals stay the same.  A trader is looking more closely at a weekly, or shorter, time frame and is more interested in immediate price fluctuations.Recent PerformanceLet’s take a look at how the stock has been performing recently.  Over the past twelve months, Align Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALGN)’s stock was 174.87%.  Over the last week of the month, it was 3.41%, 51.87% over the last quarter, and  81.98% for the past six months. Over the past 50 days, Align Technology, Inc.’s stock is -3.16% off of the high and 43.08% removed from the low.  Their 52-Week High and Low are as follows: -3.16% (High), 191.32%, (Low). Analyst RecommendationDespite the past success, investors want to know where the stock is headed from here.  Analysts covering the shares have a consensus short-term price target of $259.80 on the equity.   Analysts have a consensus recommendation of 1.40 based on a 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell.  Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.    

