Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!  For Immediate Release Chicago, IL - November 2, 2017 - Stocks in this week's article PRA Health Sciences, Inc.  PRAH  , Align Technology, Inc.  ALGN  ,  Adobe Systems Incorporated  ADBE  and Par Pacific Holdings, Inc.  PARR  . Screen of the Week by Zacks Investment Research:   Buy These 4 Top-Ranked Profitable Stocks in November  A profitable company is able to meet all its operating costs and offer stupendous returns to its investors. Although, a company with strong profitability and weak fundamentals may fail to impress its investors, several studies have highlighted that a profitable entity commonly provides huge returns.Here we have used the concept of accounting ratios to evaluate a company's profitability. There are a variety of profitability ratios, from which we have chosen the most common and successful profitability metric to determine the bottom-line performance of a company. Net Income Ratio Net income ratio gives us the exact profitability level of a company. It reflects the percentage of net income to total sales revenue. Using net income ratio, one can determine a company's effectiveness to pay for its operating and non-operating expenses from its revenue. A higher net income ratio usually implies a company's ability to generate ample revenue and successfully manage all its business functions. Screening Parameters Net income ratio is not the only indicator of future winners. So we have added a few more criteria to arrive at a winning strategy. Zacks Rank Equal to #1:   Only Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) stocks are allowed. With the Zacks Rank proving itself to be one of the best rating systems out there, this is a great way to start things off. You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   . 12-Month Trailing Sales and Net Income Growth Higher than X Industry:   Stocks that possess higher sales and net income growth in the last 12 months showcase better financial performance. 12-Month Trailing Net Income Ratio Higher than X Industry:   High net income ratio indicates a company's solid profitability. % Rating Strong Buy greater than 70%:   This indicates that 70% of the analysts covering these stocks are optimistic.These few parameters narrowed down the universe of over 7,860 stocks to only 11. For the rest of this Screen of the Week article please   visit Zacks.com at:    https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/281232/buy-these-4-topranked-profitable-stocks-in-november  Disclosure: Officers, directors and/or employees of Zacks   Investment Research may own or have sold short securities and/or   hold long and/or short positions in options that are mentioned in   this material. An affiliated investment advisory firm may own or   have sold short securities and/or hold long and/or short   positions in options that are mentioned in this material.  About Screen of the Week Zacks.com created the first and best screening system on the web earning the distinction as the "#1 site for screening stocks" by Money Magazine.  But powerful screening tools is just the start. That is why Zacks created the Screen of the Week to highlight profitable stock picking strategies that investors can actively use. Strong Stocks that Should Be in the News Many are little publicized and fly under the Wall Street radar. They're virtually unknown to the general public. Yet today's 220 Zacks Rank #1 "Strong Buys" were generated by the stock-picking system that has more than doubled the market from 1988 through 2016. Its average gain has been a stellar +25% per year. See these high-potential stocks free >>. Follow us on Twitter:   http://twitter.com/zacksresearch Join us on Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/ZacksInvestmentResearch Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities (including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such affiliates.Contact: Jim GiaquintoCompany: Zacks.com   Phone: 312-265-9268 Visit: www.Zacks.com Zacks.com provides investment resources and informs you of these resources, which you may choose to use in making your own investment decisions. Zacks is providing information on this resource to you subject to the Zacks "Terms and Conditions of Service" disclaimer. www.zacks.com/disclaimer  .Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss. This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit  http://www.zacks.com/performance  for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.