




 



 News provided byNov 08, 2017, 06:50 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, Nov. 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- If you want a Stock Review on PNC, BNS, BSAC, or CM then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report. On Tuesday, November 07, 2017, the NASDAQ Composite ended the trading session at 6,767.78, down 0.27%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average edged 0.04% higher, to finish at 23,557.23; and the S&P 500 closed at 2,590.64, slightly dropping 0.02%. US markets saw five out of nine sectors finishing the day in red, three in green, and one in neutral territory. This Wednesday, DailyStockTracker.com has initiated reports coverage on the following Money Center Banks equities: The PNC Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE:   PNC), The Bank of Nova Scotia (NYSE:   BNS), Banco Santander-Chile (NYSE:   BSAC), and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (NYSE:   CM). Take a look at the free research reports issued today on DailyStockTracker.com for these stocks by signing up at:http://dailystocktracker.com/register/PNC Financial Services GroupPittsburgh, Pennsylvania headquartered The PNC Financial Services Group Inc.'s stock finished Tuesday's session 3.25% lower at $134.09 with a total trading volume of 2.51 million shares, which was above its three months average volume of 1.90 million shares. The Company's shares have advanced 39.10% over the past twelve months and 14.65% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 1.16% and 6.53%, respectively. Additionally, shares of The PNC Financial Services, which operates as a diversified financial services company in the US and internationally, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 46.10. On October 16th, 2017, research firm RBC Capital Markets reiterated its 'Top Pick' rating on the Company's stock with an increase of the target price from $130 a share to $145 a share. Sign up and read the free research report on PNC at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=PNCBank of Nova ScotiaOn Tuesday, shares in Toronto, Canada headquartered The Bank of Nova Scotia recorded a trading volume of 337,423 shares. The stock ended the session 0.44% lower at $65.53. The Company's shares have advanced 22.08% over the last twelve months and 17.69% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 2.57% and 8.54%, respectively. Moreover, shares of the Company, which provides various financial services in North America, Latin America, the Caribbean and Central America, and Asia/Pacific, have an RSI of 62.74. On October 24th, 2017, research firm Macquarie initiated an 'Outperform' rating on the Company's stock. The complimentary research report on BNS can be downloaded at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=BNSBanco SantanderSantiago, Chile headquartered Banco Santander-Chile's shares closed the day 0.84% lower at $30.76. The stock recorded a trading volume of 312,216 shares. The Company's shares have gained 34.62% over the last twelve months and 40.65% since the start of the year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 1.84% and 17.50%, respectively. Additionally, shares of the Company, which provides commercial and retail banking products and services in Chile, have an RSI of 50.01. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and access the latest report on BSAC at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=BSACCanadian Imperial Bank of CommerceShares in Toronto, Canada headquartered Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce finished 0.41% lower at $89.76. The stock recorded a trading volume of 269,805 shares. The Company's shares have advanced 20.35% over the last twelve months and 10.00% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 2.04% and 5.52%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of the Company, which provides various financial products and services to individual, small business, commercial, corporate, and institutional clients in Canada and internationally, have an RSI of 56.39. On October 25th, 2017, research firm Citigroup downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Buy' to 'Neutral'. Get free access to your research report on CM at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=CM--Daily Stock Tracker:Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.  NO WARRANTYDST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERINGThis document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/CONTACTFor any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at:Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com Phone number:  (207)331-3313Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South AfricaCFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/stocks-under-scanner-in-the-banking-space----pnc-financial-services-group-bank-of-nova-scotia-banco-santander-and-canadian-imperial-bank-of-commerce-300551779.htmlSOURCE dailystocktracker.com
http://dailystocktracker.com
Nov 08, 2017, 06:55 ETPreview: Technical Insights on Food Stocks -- Amplify Snack Brands, Lamb Weston, Pinnacle Foods, and Post HoldingsNov 08, 2017, 06:45 ETPreview: Pre-Market Technical Pulse on Gold Stocks -- Sandstorm Gold, Richmont Mines, Sibanye Gold, and Golden Star Resources More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 08, 2017, 06:50 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat