The subject who is truly loyal to the Chief Magistrate will neither advise nor submit to arbitrary measures.© Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Attendees walk through the Bank of Nova Scotia lobby during the company's annual general meeting of shareholders in Toronto on April 4, 2017.Cole Burston/BloombergExpectations for fourth-quarter earnings among Canada's biggest banks are modest, but even a ho-hum finish would do little to tarnish a very good year for the Big Six.And it's worth remembering that the country's major banks have routinely outstripped analysts' best estimates through the first nine months of the fiscal year.Coming out of a strong third quarter, several positive trends are expected to buoy results for the final frame of the fiscal year: Interest rates have risen, credit quality has been rock solid, employment held steady and banks continue to focus on ways to trim costs. And the outlook for 2018 is cautiously optimistic. But there are still noteworthy risks to consider as mortgage growth is expected to slow, new accounting rules change the way banks plan for loan losses, and continuing uncertainty about free-trade negotiations clouds economic forecasts.Story continues below advertisement"Regardless of what is reported, this was a good year for the banks," said Robert Sedran, an analyst at CIBC World Markets Inc., in a research note.Bank of Nova Scotia is the first to report on Tuesday, followed by Royal Bank of Canada on Wednesday, Toronto-Dominion Bank and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce on Thursday and National Bank of Canada on Friday. Bank of Montreal rounds out earnings season for the major banks on Dec. 5.Analysts are expecting BMO, National Bank and Laurentian Bank of Canada to hike their dividends.Here are three key storylines worth watching.Loan losses and IFRS 9For the most part, credit quality has been neat and tidy for Canada's big banks in 2017. Even as concerns about overheating housing markets loomed large, losses on mortgages have proved benign so far."Nearly every bank, every quarter, has been reporting lower-than-expected loan losses this year," said Gabriel Dechaine, an analyst at National Bank Financial Inc.Story continues below advertisementStory continues below advertisementNew accounting rules introduced on Nov. 1 could bring about a major change in the way banks set money aside to cope when loans go sour – just don't expect to see the full effect yet.The new IFRS 9 accounting standard puts more emphasis on banks' expected losses over the life of a loan – a somewhat subjective standard – which will make the provisions lenders earmark to absorb bad loans more volatile. The new rules weren't in effect in the fourth quarter, but banks will disclose so-called "day one" impacts as adjustments to retained earnings, which could negatively impact capital ratios.Luckily for them, IFRS 9 arrives after a period of relative calm."Timing is everything, and to that end the adoption of IFRS 9 by the banks to commence 2018 appears to be occurring at an ideal point in the credit cycle given that the pristine health of the loan books should dampen initial volatility," said Sumit Malhotra, an analyst at Scotia Capital Inc., in a research note.Rates and marginsIn the third quarter, five of Canada's six biggest banks posted higher net interest margins – which help measure the difference between what a bank earns on loans and pays on deposits – compared with the previous three months. And that was despite the fact that the Bank of Canada hiked its key interest rate for the first time in nearly seven years only 21/2 weeks before the third quarter wrapped up.Story continues below advertisementIn September, the central bank increased its benchmark rate again, which should give a further boost to net interest income from banks' retail operations. Margins have been expanding at most major U.S. banks, helped along by three rate hikes from the U.S. Federal Reserve since 2015. With the possibility that the Fed could move rates higher again in December, Canadian banks with substantial U.S. footprints could benefit.Banks have delivered steady loan growth of late, typically in the range of 5 per cent to 6 per cent, even as mortgage growth begins to slow, and tougher stress-testing rules that take effect in January threaten to add a further drag to the issuance of new home loans.But margins are poised to begin creeping higher. "We think it is reasonable to expect a more material move will be seen in [the fourth quarter]," Mr. Malhotra said.Quiet capital marketsCapital markets results could be a rare blemish on an otherwise clean quarter, as slower deal flow and a dearth of market volatility are expected to contribute to year-over-year declines in earnings.Data from league tables suggest the volume of mergers and acquisitions, equity and debt issuance diminished in the fourth quarter, compared with a year ago and with the prior quarter, according to Darko Mihelic, an analyst at RBC Dominion Securities Inc.Fixed income, currencies and commodities (FICC) trading was also a weak spot for U.S. banks when they reported third-quarter results, which can be a harbinger – if an imperfect one – of what's to come for Canada's banks."Capital Markets earnings will likely be soft this quarter," Mr. Mihelic said. James Bradshaw is banking reporter for the Report on Business. He covered media from 2014 to 2016, and higher education from 2010 to 2014. Prior to that, he worked as a cultural reporter for Globe Arts, and has written for both the Toronto section and the editorial page. More     The Globe invites you to share your views. Please stay on topic and be respectful to everyone. For more information on our commenting policies and how our community-based moderation works, please read our Community Guidelines and our Terms and Conditions. Please note that our commenting partner Civil Comments is closing down. As such we will be implementing a new commenting partner in the coming weeks. As of December 20th, 2017 we will be shutting down commenting on all article pages across our site while we do the maintenance and updates. We understand that commenting is important to our audience and hope to have a technical solution in place January 2018. Discussion loading… ✨ Latest Videos © Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All rights reserved.351 King Street East, Suite 1600, Toronto, ON Canada, M5A 0N1Phillip Crawley, Publisher