Qualcomm's Centriq 2400 ARM server processor is poised to disrupt.Qualcomm as the ARM equivalent of Intel.Qualcomm becomes even more dominant in Android smartphones with MediaTek's retreat.Rethink Technology business briefs for November 27, 2017

Source: QualcommOn November 6, Broadcom (AVGO) formally proposed its acquisition of Qualcomm (QCOM) for a per share consideration of $60 cash and $10.00 of Broadcom stock. Two days later, while Qualcomm was still considering the Broadcom bid, Qualcomm announced the first “commercial shipment” of its Centriq 2400 series ARM server processor. On November 13, Qualcomm's Board unanimously rejected the Broadcom proposal. All three events were in fact tightly coupled. Broadcom had recognized the opportunity presented by Qualcomm's entry into the server market, and hoped to capitalize on it. Probably, it's already too late.It's been my general belief that ARM architecture would eventually supplant Intel x86 in the datacenter, based on cost competitiveness and energy efficiency. The fundamental advantage of cost competitiveness had already been demonstrated in Intel's (INTC) failed attempt to take over the tablet market with its highly subsidized Atom processors.But it remained for a company to step up to the challenge of designing a purpose-built ARM architecture server processor on a competitive node and with performance to match Intel Xeon. With a series of real-world benchmarks by a global web hosting service, we have the first independent confirmation that Qualcomm has succeeded.These benchmarks were performed by an engineer with the hosting service Cloudflare and summarized in a blog piece. In the benchmark testing, a single socket 46 core Qualcomm Centriq 2452 which lists for $1,373 was compared with a dual socket server system featuring a pair of Xeon Silver 4116 Skylake processors. According to Intel, these list for $1,002 apiece.In most tests, Intel chips offered better single core performance, while the Centriq with its “Falkor” CPU cores performed better in “all core” tests, as in this example of Gzip compression:



Centriq didn't perform equally well in all benchmarks, of course, but where Centriq really stood out was in power efficiency. Cloudflare measured power consumption by setting up equivalent web server workloads using NGINX. Performance was measured in web server processed requests/second and CPU power consumption was monitored using on-board server diagnostics. Cloudflare found that Centriq was about twice as efficient as Intel.

The ARM foundries have essentially equaled or slightly bettered Intel's 14 nm process this year with the 10 nm processes now available, and which Qualcomm is using for Centriq. Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) is the fabricator for Centriq. With the roll-out of 7 nm processes planned for 2018, the foundries will likely pull ahead of Intel at least for servers, since it's unlikely that Intel will be able to offer 10 nm server chips until 2019.By erasing Intel's process lead, makers of ARM chips can leverage the fundamental advantage that ARM architecture has in terms of area efficiency. Generally, equal performance ARM chips are smaller than their Intel counterparts. This translates into both a cost and energy efficiency advantage.

Source: QualcommARM architecture appears poised not only to make inroads in the data center, but in the entire spectrum of computing needs in personal computers, laptops, and tablets. Most of the important ARM processor designers such as Apple (AAPL), Samsung and Qualcomm have been moving their mobile processor performance into Intel Core territory for some time.There's no reason why Qualcomm could not develop lower core count off-shoots of Centriq for Windows or Mac PCs. And Qualcomm already has its foot in the Windows door with its partnership with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) for Mobile PCs.In short, I see Qualcomm poised to become the next Intel of computing. In many ways, it's better positioned than Intel, by virtue of its dominant presence in Android mobile devices.The above Tech Briefs are excerpts from a longer report published exclusively for Rethink Technology subscribers.Qualcomm is part of the Rethink Technology Portfolio and is a recommended buy.The high end of the smartphone market has become increasingly dominated by what I call new paradigm mobile device makers such as Apple and Samsung. These companies custom-design their own processors and have them fabricated by a foundry like TSMC (TSM) rather than buy commodity chips as in the old paradigm PC model.But the upper mid-tier and down still operates according to the old paradigm, and here, Qualcomm is the dominant processor supplier. If you're a mid-tier smartphone maker such as HTC, LG or even Google (GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), there really is no better option than the Snapdragon 835.Qualcomm's position has become even stronger this month with a credible report that MediaTek intends to withdraw from so-called “flagship” processors. This is the very top tier of smartphone processors and besides the 835 includes the Apple A11, Samsung Exynos 8895, Huawei Kirin 970 and MediaTek's Helio X30.The report comes from Gearburn, which interviewed MediaTek's general manager for international sales, Finbarr Moynihan. Moynihan's admissions to Gearburn paint a stark picture of the tough competition at the high end:…The chipset and the modem has got to be able to meet the high-end modem requirements for US, European, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, African, Indian carriers, right? So it tends to need the latest and greatest modem specs. The X30 was probably not at that level… in terms of all of the global requirements, but we knew that, right?Apparently, MediaTek's customers knew that as well, and Meizu was one of the few brands to use the chip. When asked if MediaTek was giving up on the flagship category, Moynihan replied,What I would say is that probably at the highest end, at this point we’re taking a bit of a break. . . I think what you’ll see though is you’ll see us continue to push up from where we are today. How we brand it, to be honest, we haven’t decided. But probably… aiming for the bleeding edge of this stuff, probably not in the next year or two.This amounts to face-saving. The reality is that taking a couple of years break is fatal in this business. At this point, Qualcomm's competition as a commodity chip supplier in the Android world is diminished, since Samsung and Huawei mainly use their processors in their own branded phones.Disclosure: I am/we are long QCOM, AAPL, TSM. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.