




 



 News provided byNov 03, 2017, 07:15 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, November 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --If you want a Stock Review on KURA, PGNX, REGN, or SGEN then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report. For today, DailyStockTracker.com scans Kura Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ:   KURA), Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:   PGNX), Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:   REGN), and Seattle Genetics Inc. (NASDAQ:    SGEN). Biotech companies are engaged in the R&D of biological substances, primarily for the purpose of drug discovery and diagnostic development. The majority of their revenue are derived from either the sale or licensing of drugs and diagnostic tools. Access DailyStockTracker.com's complimentary reports for today's stocks line-up at: http://dailystocktracker.com/register/Kura Oncology Shares in La Jolla, California headquartered Kura Oncology Inc. saw a slight correction of 0.33%, ending Thursday's trading session at $14.95. The stock recorded a trading volume of 188,366 shares. The Company's shares have gained 6.03% in the last one month, 44.44% over the last three months, and 153.39% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 23.19% and 59.26% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Moreover, shares of Kura Oncology, which develops medicines for the treatment of cancers, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 69.68.On October 31st, 2017, Kura Oncology announced that it will report Q3 2017 financial results after the close of US financial markets on November 07th, 2017. Management will host a webcast and conference call at 4:30 p.m. EST that same day to discuss the financial results and provide a corporate update. A live webcast and archive of the call will be available under the investor relations section of the Company's website. Visit us today and access your complete report on KURA for free at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=KURAProgenics Pharmaceuticals New York-based Progenics Pharmaceuticals Inc.'s stock climbed 1.19%, closing the day at $5.93. A total volume of 1.44 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 1.15 million shares. The Company's shares have advanced 1.89% in the previous three months. The stock is trading 10.26% below its 50-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Progenics Pharma, which develops medicines and other technologies to target and treat cancer in the US and internationally, have an RSI of 40.01.On October 31st, 2017, Progenics Pharma announced that its management will present at the Stifel Nicolaus Healthcare Conference on November 14th, 2017, at 5:00 p.m. ET in New York Management will also present at the 2017 Jefferies Global Healthcare Conference on November 16th , 2017, at 9:20 a.m. GMT in London, UK. A live webcast of both presentations will be available under the Media Center of the Company's website. The complimentary research report on PGNX can be accessed at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=PGNXRegeneron Pharmaceuticals On Thursday, shares in Tarrytown, New York headquartered Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. recorded a trading volume of 1.45 million shares, which was higher than their three months average volume of 765,770 shares. The stock ended the day 0.11% higher at $397.45. The Company's shares have advanced 8.27% since the start of this year, and are trading below their 200-day moving average by 8.18%. Furthermore, shares of Regeneron Pharma have an RSI of 19.00.On October 19th, 2017, Regeneron Pharma (REGN) announced that Science magazine has once again ranked the Company as the world's number one employer in its annual survey of the Biotech and Pharmaceutical industry. REGN has been ranked first for five of the past seven years, with second place rankings in 2015 and 2011, making it the most highly ranked over the past decade.On October 24th, 2017, research firm Guggenheim resumed its 'Buy' rating on the Company's stock, with a target price of $540 per share. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and download the research report on REGN at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=REGNSeattle Genetics Bothell, Washington headquartered Seattle Genetics Inc.'s stock rose 0.81%, finishing yesterday's session at $60.78 with a total trading volume of 675,640 shares. The Company's shares have advanced 4.36% in the last one month, 23.64% in the previous three months, and 15.18% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 8.19% and 2.36%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Seattle Genetics have an RSI of 53.75.On October 27th, 2017, research firm Bank of America/ Merrill upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Underperform' to 'Neutral'.On November 01st, 2017, Seattle Genetics announced that 18 abstracts featuring data from the broad ADCETRIS (brentuximab vedotin) development program have been accepted for presentation, including a plenary presentation, at the 58th American Society of Hematology Annual Meeting and Exposition taking place from December 09th, 2017, to December 12th, 2017 in Atlanta, Georgia. ADCETRIS is an antibody-drug conjugate directed to CD30, which is expressed on the surface of Hodgkin lymphoma cells and several types of non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Get free access to your research report on SGEN at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=SGENDaily Stock Tracker: Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES:The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com . Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.NO WARRANTY DST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com Phone number: (207)331-3313 Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South Africa CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE dailystocktracker.comNov 03, 2017, 07:20 ETPreview: Technical Reports on Rental and Leasing Services Equities -- Avis Budget, Rent-A-Center, Hertz Global, and United RentalsNov 03, 2017, 07:10 ETPreview: Breakfast Technical Briefing on Communication Services Stocks -- SBA Communications, ORBCOMM, BT Group, and Intelsat More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 03, 2017, 07:15 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat