Published: June 7, 2017 2:48 a.m. ETBySpain's Banco Santander SA 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    SAN, -0.59%
SAN, -1.07%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         said Wednesday it will take over struggling Banco Popular Espanol SA 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    es:pop

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         for the symbolic price of 1 euro, creating the country's largest bank by lending and deposits, according to a press statement. Shares of Banco Popular have more than halved year-to-date as the bank has struggled under the weight of bad loans leftover from the 2008 crisis. On Tuesday, the European Central Bank said Popular was failing or likely to fail, owing to a significant deterioration in its liquidity situation. Banco Santander also announced a 7 billion euro ($7.88 billion) rights issue, which it said would be used to "cover the capital and provisions required to strengthen Popular's balance sheet." Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service,
                Privacy Policy, and 
                Cookie Policy.
            
                Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use.
                Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information.
                All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. 
                Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
            