Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Shares of   Twenty-First Century Fox Inc.    (NASDAQ: FOXA) (NASDAQ: FOX) jumped 9.9% on Monday, following   reports that the media leader recently held talks to sell most of   its assets to   Walt Disney Co.    (NYSE: DIS) . Shares of Disney also climbed 2% on the news. According    to CNBC, sources familiar with the situation say that Disney   would acquire assets including 21st Century Fox's movie studio,   entertainment networks such as FX and National Geographic, TV   production assets, and international assets including the Star   cable network in India and a stake in Europe-based satellite   service Sky.  IMAGE SOURCE: DISNEY.The sources clarified that Disney would   not    acquire Fox's broadcast network or its sports programming assets,   probably because of antitrust concerns, given Disney's ownership   of ABC and ESPN. Disney also would not acquire Fox Business, Fox   News, or its local broadcasting affiliates.The end result for Fox investors, then, would be a more   focused business revolving around news and sports, which could   allow the company to more effectively thrive in today's changing   media landscape.That said, the sources clarified that the talks are no   longer being held. But it's remarkable that Fox would go so far   as to formally entertain such a massive shift in its business   strategy and structure, and the two media juggernauts could   easily revive negotiations in the coming months. As such, it was   no surprise to see shares of both 21st Century Fox and Disney   climbing higher today.  Find out why Walt Disney is one of the 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent     more than a decade beating the market. (In fact, the newsletter     they run,     Motley Fool Stock Advisor,      has tripled the market!*)Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for     investors to buy right now. Walt Disney     is on the list      -- but there are nine others you may be overlooking. Click here to get access to the full       list!  *Stock Advisor returns as of October 9, 2017   Steve Symington      has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool     owns shares of and recommends Walt Disney. The Motley Fool has     a     disclosure policy      . 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.