Showers late.Cloudy this evening with showers after midnight. Low 48F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: November 29, 2017 @ 8:53 pmTwenty-First Century Fox headquarters in New York on May 3, 2017.  Bloomberg photo by Alexander F. Yuan.Rupert Murdoch (right), co-chairman and founder of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc., arrives at the News Corp. building in New York, U.S., on April 26, 2017.  Bloomberg photo by Peter Foley.Twenty-First Century Fox headquarters in New York on May 3, 2017.  Bloomberg photo by Alexander F. Yuan.Twenty-First Century Fox Inc. shares jumped 8 percent in premarket trading on Friday after sources said both Comcast Corp. and Verizon Communications Inc. were also interested in buying parts of its studio and TV operations.Rupert Murdoch (right), co-chairman and founder of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc., arrives at the News Corp. building in New York, U.S., on April 26, 2017.  Bloomberg photo by Peter Foley.A week after reports of interest from Walt Disney Co. in buying out much of Rupert Murdoch's U.S. film and television empire, the sources hinted at the prospect of a battle between other media suitors for the assets.Buyers have expressed interest in Fox's production studios, cable networks FX and National Geographic, and international assets such as the Star network in India and Sky Plc, sources told Reuters on Thursday."Either Disney or Comcast would be a good fit, but its always about price and neither has to be a strategic buyer, only opportunistic," said JBL Advisors analyst Jeffrey Logsdon.Shares of other media companies which could be dragged into a round of consolidation of U.S. film and TV production and distribution were largely unchanged.Comcast, the largest cable provider in the United States, has steadily boosted its content ownership over the years and buying Fox's assets would give it an international distribution footprint and strengthen its position against Disney.Traditional media companies have been struggling with subscriber declines as streaming service Netflix has gained traction with younger audiences that shun traditional cable and satellite offerings.Netflix and Verizon shares were marginally higher in premarket trade on Friday. Disney and Comcast shares both inched down.Fox and Disney are co-owners of Hulu, a streaming service that offers on-demand and live TV packages. Hulu is also partially owned by Comcast and Time Warner Inc.Although acquisition of a movie studio and cable channels would be a departure for wireless carrier Verizon, its interest in Fox assets was likely piqued by rival AT&T's bid for HBO and CNN owner Time Warner, which is awaiting regulatory approval."(I am) skeptical of a Verizon deal, creative businesses are very tough to manage for an outsider," Logsdon said.Fox's other assets include Fox television network, Fox News Channel and Fox Entertainment Group, which owns the popular movies studio 20th Century Fox.Fox shares have gained about 9 percent in value in the last six months.Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. 