Leuven (Belgium) - November 24, 2017, 22:00h CEST -TiGenix NV (Euronext Brussels and Nasdaq: TIG; "TiGenix") publishes today a transparency notification pursuant to Article 14 of the Belgian Law of May 2, 2007 regarding the publication of major holdings in issuers whose securities are admitted to trading on a regulated market and including various provisions.Summary of the notificationOn November 15, 2017, TiGenix received a transparency notification from JPMorgan Chase & Co, following the acquisition of shares on November 9, 2017, after which JPMorgan Chase & Co (through its subsidiary J.P. Morgan Securities LLC) holds 8,557,505 voting rights in TiGenix (3.12% of the total number of voting rights). As a result the 3% threshold was crossed. Content of the notificationDate of the notification: November 15, 2017.Reason of the notification: acquisition of voting securities or voting rights.Person subject to the notification requirement: JPMorgan Chase & Co (with address at c/o CT Corporation, 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, DE19801, USA), who is a parent undertaking/controlling person.Date on which the threshold was crossed: November 9, 2017.Threshold that was crossed: 3%.Denominator: 274,287,190.Details of the notification: following the acquisition of shares, the number of voting rights was as follows:Chain of controlled undertakings through which the holdings are effectively held: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is controlled by J.P. Morgan Broker - Dealer Holdings Inc., which is controlled by JPMorgan Chase Holdings LLC, which is controlled by JPMorgan Chase & Co.Additional information: this position refers to third party shares where rights of use are held.This press release and the above-mentioned transparency notification can be consulted on our website: For more information:TiGenixClaudia JiménezSenior Director Investor Relations and CommunicationsTel: +34918049264Claudia.jimenez@tigenix.com About TiGenixTiGenix NV (Euronext Brussels and NASDAQ: TIG) is an advanced biopharmaceutical company developing novel therapies for serious medical conditions by exploiting the anti-inflammatory properties of allogeneic, or donor-derived, stem cells.TiGenix' lead product, Cx601, has successfully completed a European Phase III clinical trial for the treatment of complex perianal fistulas - a severe, debilitating complication of Crohn's disease. Cx601 has been filed for regulatory approval in Europe and a global Phase III trial intended to support a future U.S. Biologic License Application (BLA) started in 2017. TiGenix has entered into a licensing agreement with Takeda, a global pharmaceutical company active in gastroenterology, under which Takeda acquired the exclusive right to develop and commercialize Cx601 for complex perianal fistulas outside the U.S. TiGenix' second adipose-derived product, Cx611, is undergoing a Phase I/II trial in severe sepsis - a major cause of mortality in the developed world. Finally, AlloCSC-01, targeting acute ischemic heart disease, has demonstrated positive results in a Phase I/II trial in acute myocardial infarction (AMI). TiGenix is headquartered in Leuven (Belgium) and has operations in Madrid (Spain) and Cambridge, MA (USA). For more information, please visit www.tigenix.com.TiGenix  Subscribe via RSS Subscribe via ATOM Javascript  Leuven,  BELGIUM