
Initial investments focused on creating economic opportunity through 
      job training, revitalizing neighborhoods, small business expansion and 
      financial health
CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. today announced that it has deployed the first $10 
      million of its $40 
      million, three-year investment to create economic opportunity in 
      Chicago’s underserved neighborhoods. These initial investments are 
      focused on the city’s South and West sides and committed to preparing 
      people for in-demand careers, helping small businesses expand, 
      revitalizing neighborhoods, and improving financial health.
    
      "There is hope for solving Chicago’s greatest challenges if business, 
      civic and nonprofit organizations are willing to work together and focus 
      their investments where it is needed most,” said Jamie Dimon, 
      Chairman and CEO, JPMorgan Chase. “The collaboration we’ve seen thus 
      far is exciting, and it gives us the confidence to make these 
      investments. We look forward to seeing what impact it can have on 
      creating a prosperous and more hopeful future for Chicagoans on the 
      South and West sides.”
    
      Through these investments, JPMorgan Chase is collaborating with local 
      business, government and nonprofits partners such as Boeing, the 
      Blackstone Charitable Foundation and the Polk Bros Foundation to tackle 
      a lack of economic opportunity, which is the root cause of Chicago’s 
      concentrated poverty, persistent racial and economic inequalities and 
      gun violence. The firm, which has a 150-plus year history in Chicago and 
      nearly 14,000 employees in the area, is relying on data and the 
      expertise of its employees to maximize the impact of its philanthropic 
      investments and help nonprofit partners expand and help underserved 
      Chicagoans.
    
      Specifically, the initial investments are focused on equipping workers 
      with critical skills, helping women and minority-owned entrepreneurs by 
      providing them with the capital and expertise they need to grow, 
      revitalizing underserved neighborhoods by investing in locally driven 
      solutions and helping individuals get the skills and tools needed to 
      build strong financial futures.
    
Workforce Readiness--$5.7 million

      Investments are helping to develop a data-driven city workforce 
      investment strategy and help address unemployment in some of Chicago’s 
      South and West Side neighborhoods, which exceeds 30 percent. These 
      programs work to help Chicagoans get the skills they need to secure 
      high-quality jobs in growing fields like healthcare and advanced 
      manufacturing.
    
      Notable partners and investments include the Brazier Foundation’s 
      Robotics Technician Training & Support Program, North Lawndale 
      Employment Network’s Moving Forward Rail and Diesel Mechanic Training, 
      Rush University Medical Center’s Health IT Pathways for Chicago Public 
      School Students and Heartland Alliance’s Rapid Employment and 
      Development Initiative.
    
Investment Spotlight – The 
      North Lawndale Employment Network’s Moving Forward Bridges to Career 
      Opportunities program partners with the Chicago Transit Authority on an 
      eight to twelve-week rail and diesel mechanic training program that 
      primarily serves low-income residents on the West side, many of whom are 
      returning from incarceration. The program helps solve a labor force 
      challenge for the Chicago Transit Authority and other area employers 
      that are having difficulty finding a pipeline of trained diesel 
      mechanics for good- paying jobs in Chicago’s growing Transportation, 
      Distribution, and Logistics sector. Diesel mechanics can earn as much as 
      $30/hour.
    
      “The Moving Program is a win-win for the West side,” said Brenda 
      Palms-Barber, Executive Director, North Lawndale Employment Network. 
      “We are solving a major labor program for the Chicago Transit Authority 
      and providing Chicagoans with living wage jobs that put them on a path 
      to good careers in a growing industry. We’re grateful for JPMorgan 
      Chase’s continued support of our organization and the North Lawndale 
      community and those who have struggled to get back on their feet and 
      create a better life for themselves and their families.”
    
Neighborhood Revitalization--$1.9 million

      Investments provide capital to rebuild and transform Chicago’s 
      neighborhoods by financing and leveraging capital for residential, 
      commercial and retail development projects that often lack access to 
      conventional financing, spurring others to invest.
    
      Notable partners and investments include Community Investment 
      Corporation, IFF, Community Facilities Fund and the Metropolitan 
      Planning Council.
    
Investment Spotlight – To 
      strengthen the nonprofit sector on the South and West sides, 
      JPMorgan Chase is investing in two new programs through IFF (formerly 
      the Illinois Facilities Fund). The first investment establishes the 
      Chicago Community Facilities Fund to provide financial resources for 
      nonprofits in Chicago to improve access to healthy food, childcare, 
      healthcare and job services through new community facilities. A second 
      investment will help approximately 20 Chicago-based nonprofits improve 
      their financials and grow their real estate and net assets. The initial 
      nonprofits working to strengthen and expand their organizations include 
      Albany Park Community Center, Austin Coming Together, BUILD, Inc., 
      Centers for New Horizons, Chinese Mutual Aid Association, Greater 
      Chatham Initiative, La Casa Norte, LUCHA, National Latino Education 
      Institute, and the North Lawndale Employment Network.

      “We are so proud to work with JPMorgan Chase to invest in and strengthen 
      Chicago’s network of nonprofits,” said Joe Neri, President and Chief 
      Executive Officer, IFF. “We couldn’t do this work without the help 
      from JPMorgan Chase. Together, the nonprofits we work with are making a 
      difference in the lives of Chicagoans, from providing access to fresh 
      and healthy food, healthcare and a better education, they’re an 
      essential part of the social fabric of our communities.”
    
Small Businesses Development--$2 million

      Investments are helping to drive economic stability by assisting small 
      businesses in creating jobs and stimulating innovation in neighborhoods 
      by expanding access to capital and technical assistance to primarily 
      minority-owned small businesses and entrepreneurs on Chicago’s South and 
      West sides.
    
      Notable partners and investments include Blue 1647, Women’s Business 
      Development Center/ScaleUp Greater Englewood, Illinois Hispanic Chamber 
      of Commerce Hispanic Tech Incubator, 1871’s Chicagoland Entrepreneurial 
      Center and ASCEND 2020.
    
Investment Spotlight – JPMorgan 
      Chase’s investment will allow the Women’s Business Development Center 
      (WBDC) to expand into the Englewood neighborhood on Chicago’s South 
      side, delivering business services, ongoing mentorship and technical 
      assistance, access to growth capital or direct lending, and expanded 
      networks to neighborhood-based entrepreneurs. In 2015, WBDC was selected 
      to be part of the Small Business Administration's (SBA) inaugural class 
      of eight awardees nationally to deliver a ScaleUp Program to communities 
      with small businesses experiencing slow/no growth due to a lack of a 
      strong economic development infrastructure. WBDC used the SBA funding to 
      launch a pilot in Aurora, Illinois. Based on the success of that pilot, 
      JPMorgan Chase’s support will allow WBDC to expand ScaleUp to Englewood.
    
      "Innovation is the key to growth and if we want our communities to 
      thrive, we have to make it easier for women to get the skills they need 
      to excel with and in the tech field," said Emilia DiMenco, Chief 
      Executive Officer, Women’s Business Development Center. "JPMorgan 
      Chase and WBDC are investing in the future of our workforce—women—and 
      bringing our transformative ScaleUp program to the Englewood 
      neighborhood.”
    
Financial Capability--$850,000

      Investments in financial capability programs support innovative new 
      products and services that leverage technology and insights to help 
      consumers weather financial shocks through increased savings, improved 
      credit and personal asset growth.
    
      Notable partners and investments include Mercy Housing Lakefront, 
      Spanish Coalition for Housing, Local Initiatives Support Corporation and 
      University of Chicago Poverty Lab.
    
Investment Spotlight – With JPMorgan 
      Chase’s investment, Mercy Housing Lakefront is developing, implementing, 
      and evaluating an asset building program at two of its affordable 
      housing communities, including the recently opened Lofts on Arthington 
      in North Lawndale, serving more than 400 low-income Chicago households. 
      Services provided through the program include financial coaching, 
      matched savings incentives, rent reporting for credit building and 
      partnerships with other organizations for specialized financial products 
      and services. The program is designed to empower residents to better 
      manage their financial futures and reduce inequality in neighborhoods 
      which have historically faced significant barriers to asset building.
    
      “When low-income Chicagoans have access to affordable housing, they have 
      increased financial capacity, and we’re in a unique position to help 
      them reach their goals by integrating asset building programming,” said Mark 
      Angelini, President, Mercy Housing Lakefront. “JPMorgan Chase’s 
      continued support and expertise in both these areas will be integral to 
      reaching and helping more families.”
    
What’s Next in 2018

      Over the next three years, JPMorgan Chase will continue to make 
      investments that help create economic opportunity in Chicago. Upcoming 
      investments and initiatives will continue to combine the firm’s data 
      with its business expertise—including human capital, management 
      expertise, and partnerships.
    
      JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with 
      assets of $2.6 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader 
      in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small 
      businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and 
      asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, 
      JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of customers in the United States 
      and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and 
      government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information 
      about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com.
    

JPMorgan Chase & Co.Media:Stephanie BoshStephanie.a.bosh@jpmorgan.com


JPMorgan Chase & Co.Media:Stephanie BoshStephanie.a.bosh@jpmorgan.com

