
New York area bank adopts modern core platform and leading-edge 
      digital solutions to meet customer expectations for anytime, anywhere 
      access
BROOKFIELD, Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fiserv, 
      Inc. (NASDAQ:FISV), a leading global provider of financial services 
      technology solutions, announced today that Dime Community Bank, a $6.44 
      billion asset financial institution based in Brooklyn, New York, will 
      accelerate its transformation to a robust community commercial bank 
      model by moving to a modern, real-time core banking platform and 
      integrated suite of digital banking solutions from Fiserv. The bank will 
      utilize this technology to uniquely tailor services to the needs of 
      business, retail and commercial customers as part of its ongoing 
      expansion plans.
    
      Dime Community Bank has been among the leading commercial real estate 
      multi-family lenders in New York, a business in which it has specialized 
      for more than 50 years. In 2014, Dime started on a path to transform and 
      re-energize the bank’s business by adding branches, launching new 
      digital channels and establishing new commercial lending services.
    
      “Upgrading our technology foundation is an essential step in 
      differentiating in the competitive markets we serve,” said Ken Mahon, 
      president and CEO, Dime Community Bank. “Only Fiserv was able to provide 
      the up-to-date core platform along with integrated solutions that enable 
      us to be more efficient while delivering unique commercial, retail and 
      digital experiences to our customers.”
    
      Fiserv will provide Dime with integrated solutions that eliminate the 
      need for staff to log into separate systems or manually gather data from 
      independent information siloes, and strong business and cash management 
      capabilities to serve an expanding commercial customer base.
    
      Dime will leverage DNA® 
      from Fiserv for modern, real-time account processing capabilities, along 
      with a set of digital banking solutions from Fiserv. These include Commercial 
      CenterSM with enhanced security and cash management 
      capabilities for commercial and small business banking, and ArchitectTM 
      for a unified consumer experience spanning mobile, tablet and PC 
      banking. The bank will also be using integrated solutions from Fiserv to 
      upgrade the bank’s fraud protection, replace branch capture with a more 
      efficient teller capture solution, and add wire transfer and document 
      management capabilities to support its commercial and industrial 
      business.
    
      “Fiserv technology and expertise will equip us to meet the needs of our 
      customers,” said Tim Lenhoff, executive vice president and Chief 
      Technology Officer, Dime Community Bank. “We anticipate being able to 
      streamline or eliminate a substantial number of manual processes, which 
      saves the bank money and lets our people focus on servicing customers 
      and growing our business. In addition, we will be able to offer many 
      more solutions and services to all of our customers.”
    
      “Fiserv is focused on helping financial institutions like Dime thrive 
      through our digital ecosystem that delivers an always on, always 
      connected customer experience from the branch to the digital device,” 
      said Byron Vielehr, group president, Depository Institution Services, 
      Fiserv. “We’re helping clients achieve best in class results by making 
      digital engagement a defining advantage in driving growth and enhancing 
      operational efficiency.”
    
      Fiserv is the U.S. market leader in account processing services, and 
      more than one-third of U.S. financial institutions rely on Fiserv for 
      account processing solutions and expertise. DNA is the first open, core 
      banking platform built for collaboration and has been recognized 
      by industry-leading analysts for its technology, user experience and 
      breadth of functionality.
    
      In a world that is moving faster than ever before, Fiserv helps clients 
      deliver solutions that are in step with the way people live and work 
      today – financial services at the speed of life. Learn more at fiserv.com.
    
About Dime Community Bank

      Dime Community Bank has been a trusted community bank for over 150 
      years, with deep roots in the communities it serves. Dime provides 
      financial services and loans for multi-family housing within its market 
      areas, in addition to loans to mid-size and small businesses. The Bank 
      maintains its headquarters in the Brooklyn Heights section of Brooklyn, 
      and thirty additional offices in the boroughs of Brooklyn, Queens, the 
      Bronx, and in Nassau County. The Bank gathers deposits primarily from 
      the communities and neighborhoods in close proximity to its branches, 
      and also attracts deposits nationwide through its internet bank and 
      customer contact center known as DimeDirect. For more information, visit www.dime.com.
    
About Fiserv

      Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISV) enables clients worldwide to create and 
      deliver financial services experiences that are in step with the way 
      people live and work today. For more than 30 years, Fiserv has been a 
      trusted leader in financial services technology, helping clients achieve 
      best-in-class results by driving quality and innovation in payments, 
      processing services, risk and compliance, customer and channel 
      management, and insights and optimization. Fiserv is a member of the 
      FORTUNE® 500 and has been named among the FORTUNE Magazine World's Most 
      Admired Companies® for four consecutive years, ranking first in its 
      category for innovation in 2016 and 2017. For more information, visit fiserv.com.
    
      FISV-G
    
      Media Relations:Ann S. CaveDirector, Public RelationsFiserv, 
      Inc.678-325-9435ann.cave@fiserv.comAdditional 
      Contact:Elizabeth McMillan, APRDirector, Corporate 
      CommunicationsFiserv, Inc.678-231-3443elizabeth.mcmillan@fiserv.com
Dime Community Bank will accelerate its transformation to a community commercial bank model by moving to core banking, digital technology from Fiserv.
      Media Relations:Ann S. CaveDirector, Public RelationsFiserv, 
      Inc.678-325-9435ann.cave@fiserv.comAdditional 
      Contact:Elizabeth McMillan, APRDirector, Corporate 
      CommunicationsFiserv, Inc.678-231-3443elizabeth.mcmillan@fiserv.com
