
Berry Recorder
News Briefs & Analyst InsightsTracking the RSI levels for Fiserv Inc (FISV), the 3-day RSI stands at 31.74, the 7-day sits at 43.88 and the 14-day (most common) is at 48.60. The RSI, or Relative Strength Index is a popular oscillating indicator among traders and investors. The RSI operates in a range-bound area with values between 0 and 100. When the RSI line moves up, the stock may be experiencing strength. The opposite is the case when the RSI line is heading lower. Different time periods may be used when using the RSI indicator. The RSI may be more volatile using a shorter period of time. Many traders keep an eye on the 30 and 70 marks on the RSI scale. A move above 70 is widely considered to show the stock as overbought, and a move below 30 would indicate that the stock may be oversold. Traders may use these levels to help identify stock price reversals.In terms of CCI levels, Fiserv Inc (FISV) currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of -72.42. Investors and traders may use this indicator to help spot price reversals, price extremes, and the strength of a trend. Many investors will use the CCI in conjunction with other indicators when evaluating a trade. The CCI may be used to spot if a stock is entering overbought (+100) and oversold (-100) territory. The 14-day ADX for Fiserv Inc (FISV) is 14.54. Many technical chart analysts believe that an ADX reading over 25 would suggest a strong trend. A level under 20 would indicate no trend, and a reading from 20-25 would suggest that there is no clear trend signal. The ADX is typically plotted along with two other directional movement indicator lines, the Plus Directional Indicator (+DI) and Minus Directional Indicator (-DI). Some analysts believe that the ADX is one of the best trend strength indicators available.Investors may be studying other technical indicators like the Williams Percent Range or Williams %R. The Williams %R is a momentum indicator that helps measure oversold and overbought levels. This indicator compares the closing price of a stock in relation to the highs and lows over a certain time period. A common look back period is 14 days. Fiserv Inc (FISV)’s Williams %R presently stands at -81.43. The Williams %R oscillates in a range from 0 to -100. A reading between 0 and -20 would indicate an overbought situation. A reading from -80 to -100 would indicate an oversold situation. Looking at some moving average levels, the 200-day is at 122.67, the 50-day is 127.89, and the 7-day is sitting at 128.12. Moving averages can help identify trends and price reversals. They may also be used to help spot support and resistance levels. Moving averages are considered to be lagging indicators meaning that they confirm trends. A certain stock may be considered to be on an uptrend if trading above a moving average and the average is sloping upward. On the other side, a stock may be considered to be in a downtrend if trading below the moving average and sloping downward.Keeping watch on technicals may involve many different plans and scenarios. Investors may be seeking to get some clarity about a certain stock’s history, and eventually try to project the future. With so much historical data available, investors may choose to look at many different time frames when examining a stock. Going back days, months, of even years, may help broaden the scope and help investors see the bigger picture. When companies gear up to release the next round of quarterly earnings results, investors will be closely watching to see how profitable the overall quarter was. Occasionally, low expectations may provide ample impetus for future stock gains. Per usual, there will most likely be big winners and losers depending on the strength of the individual reports.    

