
Educational payments company will leverage software development kit 
      from Fiserv
BROOKFIELD, Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fiserv, 
      Inc. (NASDAQ: FISV), a leading global provider of financial services 
      technology solutions, today announced that Bursari, an educational 
      payments company, is working with Fiserv to make school-related payments 
      easier. Bursari will utilize the Digital Payments SDK from Fiserv to 
      enable schools to accept one-time and recurring payments from parents 
      and other payers through digital channels.
    
      “Schools and parents are looking for an easy way to pay for tuition, 
      meal plans and other school-related expenses,” said Jerry Banks, CEO, 
      Bursari. “Incorporating the payment capabilities of Fiserv, we are able 
      to deliver a complete service that allows transactions to be completed 
      anywhere, on any device and in less time.”
    
      Digital Payments SDK allows companies to leverage the proven Fiserv 
      payments infrastructure that powers the transactions of thousands of 
      financial institutions and millions of consumers every day. The SDK 
      enables companies to accept checking account-based payments through 
      mobile apps, websites and other digital channels, allowing companies to 
      integrate this lower cost alternative to credit card payments into their 
      existing user experience. The SDK includes built-in risk management and 
      security capabilities and supports next-day and real-time payments.
    
      Utilizing Digital Payments SDK, Bursari will be able to add digital 
      payment capabilities, including next-day payments, into its website 
      through a set of easy-to-use application program interfaces (APIs).
    
      “Companies that accept a high volume of payments need a secure and 
      reliable service that enables an excellent payment experience for their 
      customers,” said Tom Allanson, president, Electronic Payments, Fiserv. 
      “Whether it’s accepting one-time or recurring payments, Fiserv has the 
      expertise to help companies like Bursari meet their customers’ digital 
      payment needs, and to do so in a cost-effective way.”
    
      In a world moving faster than ever before, Fiserv helps clients deliver 
      solutions that are in step with the way people live and work today – 
      financial services at the speed of life. Learn more at fiserv.com.
    
      Digital Payments SDK is provided by or through CheckFreePay Corporation, 
      a licensed money transmitter, and/or its affiliate CheckFreePay 
      Corporation of New York, which is licensed and regulated as a Money 
      Transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services, each 
      a wholly owned subsidiary of Fiserv, Inc.
    
Additional Resources

      Digital Payments SDK - http://fisv.co/Payments-SDK

About Bursari

      Bursari is the complete transaction processing solution for schools, 
      offering an easy, accurate and secure way to make student payments. 
      Educators, administrators, volunteers and families from nursery schools 
      to high schools can use Bursari to conveniently process transactions 
      online. Bursari is accessible anywhere, on any device, and features the 
      highest level of secure payment processing available. With Bursari, 
      schools and families can focus on their core mission to improve the 
      lives of children. To learn more about Bursari, please visit www.bursari.com.
    
About Fiserv

      Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ: FISV) enables clients worldwide to create and 
      deliver financial services experiences that are in step with the way 
      people live and work today. For more than 30 years, Fiserv has been a 
      trusted leader in financial services technology, helping clients achieve 
      best-in-class results by driving quality and innovation in payments, 
      processing services, risk and compliance, customer and channel 
      management, and insights and optimization. Fiserv is a member of the 
      FORTUNE® 500 and has been named among the FORTUNE Magazine 
      World's Most Admired Companies® for four consecutive years, 
      ranking first in its category for innovation in 2016 and 2017. For more 
      information, visit fiserv.com.
    
      FISV-G
    

Media Relations:Ann CaveDirector, Public RelationsFiserv, 
      Inc.678-325-9435ann.cave@fiserv.comorAdditional 
      Contact:Elizabeth McMillan, APRDirector, Corporate 
      CommunicationsFiserv, Inc.678-375-1119elizabeth.mcmillan@fiserv.com

Bursari, an educational payments company, will utilize Digital Payments SDK from Fiserv to enable schools to accept one-time and recurring payments.
Media Relations:Ann CaveDirector, Public RelationsFiserv, 
      Inc.678-325-9435ann.cave@fiserv.comorAdditional 
      Contact:Elizabeth McMillan, APRDirector, Corporate 
      CommunicationsFiserv, Inc.678-375-1119elizabeth.mcmillan@fiserv.com

