
Commercial Center: Security voted by banking professionals as Best 
      Authentication/Fraud/Cybersecurity Solution
BROOKFIELD, Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fiserv, 
      Inc. (NASDAQ: FISV), a leading global provider of financial services 
      technology solutions, announced today that its Commercial Center℠: 
      Security solution took top honors in the 
      Authentication/Fraud/Cybersecurity category of the 2017 Innovative 
      Solutions Awards, sponsored by BankNews. Winners are determined by vote 
      from banking professionals.
    
      “For the last decade, these awards have recognized companies that have 
      introduced or significantly enhanced products designed to help community 
      banks become more efficient, expand their capabilities and, ultimately, 
      better serve their customers,” said Michael Scheibach, executive editor, 
      BankNews Media. “Fiserv has continued to deliver innovative solutions to 
      the industry, and we congratulate them on this recognition.”
    
      An important component of a multi-layered security defense strategy, 
      Commercial Center: Security reduces a customer’s exposure to risk and 
      fraud by ensuring they access the internet via secure single sign-on. 
      This method of online private channel entry prevents banking customers 
      from accessing unauthorized websites – providing an effective tactic for 
      thwarting malware invasion and other cyberattacks.
    
      “Breaches in cybersecurity continue to be a concern as criminals find 
      new ways to access unauthorized information. To combat fraud, it’s 
      essential financial institutions take a layered security approach that 
      can evolve as threats change,” said Troy Land, senior vice president, 
      product management, Bank Solutions, Fiserv. “We are honored to be 
      recognized for driving innovation in cybersecurity; it’s vital to 
      helping our clients protect their customers, their business and their 
      reputation.”
    
      In a world moving faster than ever before, Fiserv helps clients deliver 
      solutions that are in step with the way people live and work today - 
      financial services at the speed of life. Learn more at fiserv.com.
    
Additional Resources

About Fiserv

      Fiserv, Inc. (NASDAQ: FISV) enables clients worldwide to create and 
      deliver financial services experiences that are in step with the way 
      people live and work today. For more than 30 years, Fiserv has been a 
      trusted leader in financial services technology, helping clients achieve 
      best-in-class results by driving quality and innovation in payments, 
      processing services, risk and compliance, customer and channel 
      management, and insights and optimization. Fiserv is a member of the 
      FORTUNE® 500 and has been named among the FORTUNE Magazine 
      World's Most Admired Companies® for four consecutive years, 
      ranking first in its category for innovation in 2016 and 2017. For more 
      information, visit fiserv.com.
    
      FISV-G
    
      Fiserv, Inc.Media Relations:Ann CaveDirector, 
      Public RelationsFiserv, Inc.678-325-9435ann.cave@fiserv.comAdditional 
      Contact:Elizabeth McMillan, APRDirector, Corporate 
      CommunicationsFiserv, Inc.678-231-3443elizabeth.mcmillan@fiserv.com
Commercial Center: Security from Fiserv was voted the top Authentication/Fraud/Cybersecurity solution in the BankNews Innovative Solutions Awards.
      Fiserv, Inc.Media Relations:Ann CaveDirector, 
      Public RelationsFiserv, Inc.678-325-9435ann.cave@fiserv.comAdditional 
      Contact:Elizabeth McMillan, APRDirector, Corporate 
      CommunicationsFiserv, Inc.678-231-3443elizabeth.mcmillan@fiserv.com
