BELLEVUE, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) (“T-Mobile”) announced today that the 
      quarterly dividend on its 5.50% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock 
      (“Preferred Stock”) will be paid on December 15, 2017 to holders of 
      record as of December 1, 2017. The dividend will be paid at a rate of 
      $0.6875 per share of Preferred Stock.
    
      In addition to the payment of the quarterly dividend, unless converted 
      earlier, on December 15, 2017 all outstanding shares of Preferred Stock 
      shall automatically convert into common stock of T-Mobile in accordance 
      with the terms governing the Preferred Stock, at an expected conversion 
      rate of 1.6119 shares of common stock per share of Preferred Stock based 
      on the current price of T-Mobile’s common stock.
    
About T-Mobile US, Inc.:

      As America's Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is redefining 
      the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading 
      product and service innovation. The Company's advanced nationwide 4G LTE 
      network delivers outstanding wireless experiences to 70.7 million 
      customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in 
      Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its 
      subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. 
      For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com.
    
Forward-Looking Statements

      This news release includes "forward-looking statements" within the 
      meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. Any statements made herein 
      that are not statements of historical fact, including statements 
      about the expected conversion rate of T-Mobile US, Inc.'s preferred 
      stock, are forward-looking statements. Generally, forward-looking 
      statements may be identified by words such as "anticipate," "expect," 
      "suggests," "plan," “project,” "believe," "intend," "estimates," 
      "targets," "views," "may," "will," "forecast," and other similar 
      expressions. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date 
      made, are based on current assumptions and expectations, and involve a 
      number of risks and uncertainties. Important factors that could affect 
      future results and cause those results to differ materially from those 
      expressed in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the 
      following: adverse economic or political conditions in the U.S. and 
      international markets; competition in the wireless services market, 
      including new competitors entering the industry as technologies 
      converge; the effects any future merger or acquisition involving us, as 
      well as the effects of mergers or acquisitions in the technology, media 
      and telecommunications industry; challenges in implementing our business 
      strategies or funding our wireless operations, including payment for 
      additional spectrum or network upgrades; the possibility that we may be 
      unable to renew our spectrum licenses on attractive terms or acquire new 
      spectrum licenses at reasonable costs and terms; difficulties in 
      managing growth in wireless data services, including network quality; 
      material changes in available technology; the timing, scope and 
      financial impact of our deployment of advanced network and business 
      technologies; the impact on our networks and business from major 
      technology equipment failures; breaches of our and/or our third party 
      vendors’ networks, information technology and data security; natural 
      disasters, terrorist attacks or similar incidents; existing or future 
      litigation; any changes in the regulatory environments in which we 
      operate, including any increase in restrictions on the ability to 
      operate our networks; any disruption or failure of our third parties’ or 
      key suppliers’ provisioning of products or services; material adverse 
      changes in labor matters, including labor campaigns, negotiations or 
      additional organizing activity, and any resulting financial, operational 
      and/or reputational impact; the ability to make payments on our debt or 
      to repay our existing indebtedness when due; adverse change in the 
      ratings of our debt securities or adverse conditions in the credit 
      markets; changes in accounting assumptions that regulatory agencies, 
      including the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), may require, 
      which could result in an impact on earnings; and changes in tax laws, 
      regulations and existing standards and the resolution of disputes with 
      any taxing jurisdictions; and other risks described in our filings with 
      the SEC, including those described in our most recently filed Annual 
      Report on Form 10-K. You should not place undue reliance on these 
      forward-looking statements. We do not undertake to update 
      forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
      future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
    

Press Contact:Media RelationsT-Mobile US, Inc.mediarelations@t-mobile.comhttp://newsroom.t-mobile.comorInvestor 
      Relations Contact:Nils PaellmannT-Mobile US, Inc.877-281-TMUS 
      or 212-358-3210investor.relations@t-mobile.comhttp://investor.t-mobile.com


Press Contact:Media RelationsT-Mobile US, Inc.mediarelations@t-mobile.comhttp://newsroom.t-mobile.comorInvestor 
      Relations Contact:Nils PaellmannT-Mobile US, Inc.877-281-TMUS 
      or 212-358-3210investor.relations@t-mobile.comhttp://investor.t-mobile.com

