




 



 News provided byNov 21, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, Nov. 21, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --If you want a Stock Review on TMUS, AMX, MBT, or S then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report. Ahead of today's trading session, DailyStockTracker.com revisits the Wireless Telecommunications Services space, which is directly linked to the ubiquitous mobile phone and increasingly other modern connected devices. Under review this morning are the following industry players: T-Mobile US Inc. (NASDAQ:   TMUS), America Movil S.A.B. de C.V. (NYSE:   AMX), Public Joint-Stock Company Mobile TeleSystems (NYSE:   MBT), and Sprint Corp. (NYSE:   S).Take a look at the free research reports issued today on DailyStockTracker.com for these stocks by signing up at: http://dailystocktracker.com/register/T-Mobile USOn Monday, shares in Bellevue, Washington headquartered T-Mobile US Inc. recorded a trading volume of 4.22 million shares. The stock ended the day at $60.30, climbing 0.47% from the last trading session. The Company's shares have advanced 4.85% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading slightly below its 50-day moving average by 0.73%. Furthermore, shares of T-Mobile US, which together with its subsidiaries, provide mobile communications services in the US, Puerto Rico, and the US Virgin Islands, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 54.73.On November 09th, 2017, research firm Deutsche Bank upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Hold' to 'Buy', with a target price of $65 per share.On November 17th, 2017, T-Mobile US announced that the quarterly dividend on its 5.50% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock will be paid on December 15th, 2017 to holders of record as of December 01st, 2017. The dividend will be paid at a rate of $0.6875 per share of Preferred Stock. Sign up and read the free research report on TMUS at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=TMUSAmerica MovilMexico City, Mexico-based America Movil S.A.B. de C.V.'s stock saw a correction of 1.22%, finishing yesterday's session at $17.04 with a total trading volume of 1.25 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 35.56% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 5.17%. Additionally, shares of America Movil, which provides telecommunications services in Mexico and internationally, have an RSI of 40.14. The complimentary research report on AMX can be downloaded at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=AMXPublic Joint-Stock Company Mobile TeleSystemsShares in Moscow, Russia-based Public Joint-Stock Company Mobile TeleSystems ended the session 0.85% lower at $10.48. The stock recorded a trading volume of 2.56 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 16.96% over the previous three months and 15.04% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 6.20% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Mobile TeleSystems, which provides telecommunication services in Russia, Ukraine, Turkmenistan, and Armenia, have an RSI of 45.44.On November 14th, 2017, Mobile TeleSystems announced its unaudited IFRS financial results for the three months ended September 30th, 2017. Group revenue for Q3 2017 increased to RUB 114.6 billion, operating profit was RUB 27.6 billion, and profit from continuing operations was RUB 18.1 billion. Total EPS for the quarter was RUB 9.18 per share, and adjusted OIBDA was RUB 48.8 billion. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and access the latest report on MBT at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=MBTSprintAt the closing bell on Monday, Overland Park, Kansas headquartered Sprint Corp.'s stock declined 0.32%, finishing at $6.21. A total volume of 6.33 million shares was traded. The Company's shares are trading 12.68% below their 50-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Sprint, which through its subsidiaries, provides various wireless and wireline communications products and services to consumers, businesses, government subscribers, and resellers in the US, Puerto Rico, and the US Virgin Islands, have an RSI of 39.18.On November 06th, 2017, research firm KeyBanc Capital Markets downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Sector Weight' to 'Underweight'.On November 09th, 2017, Sprint announced that it will donate $30 to Fisher House Foundation on behalf of each new military service member and veteran customer account activated through its Sprint Works℠ Program. The donation, valid through October 01st, 2018, is part of the Company's effort to support members of the Armed Forces during their military and civilian lifecycle. Get free access to your research report on S at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=S--Daily Stock Tracker:Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES:The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. RohitTuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.NO WARRANTYDST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.NOT AN OFFERINGThis document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/CONTACTFor any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at:Email: contact@dailystocktracker.comPhone number: (207)331-3313Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South AfricaCFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/technical-research-on-wireless-communications-equities---t-mobile-us-america-movil-public-joint-stock-company-mobile-telesystems-and-sprint-300560042.htmlSOURCE dailystocktracker.comNov 21, 2017, 06:05 ETPreview: Pre-Market Technical Recap on Specialty Eateries Stocks -- Papa John's, Starbucks, Aramark, and Shake ShackNov 20, 2017, 07:10 ETPreview: Stock Performance Review on Personal Products Industry -- Avon Products, Colgate-Palmolive, Coty, and e.l.f. Beauty More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 21, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat