Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! More than a month has gone by since the last earnings report for U.S. Bancorp USB  . Shares have lost about 2.6% in that time frame, underperforming the market.Will the recent negative trend continue leading up to the stock's next earnings release, or is it due for a breakout? Before we dive into how investors and analysts have reacted as of late, let's take a quick look at its most recent earnings report in order to get a better handle on the important drivers. U.S. Bancorp's Q3 Earnings In Line, Revenues Up U.S. Bancorp's third-quarter 2017 earnings per share of 88 cents came in line with the Zacks Consensus Estimate. Results came ahead of the prior-year quarter earnings of 84 cents.      How Have Estimates Been Moving Since Then? Analysts were quiet during the past month as none of them issued any earnings estimate revisions. VGM Scores At this time, the stock has a poor Growth Score of F, however its Momentum is doing a bit better with a D. Charting a somewhat similar path, the stock was allocated a grade of C on the value side, putting it in the middle 20% for this investment strategy.Overall, the stock has an aggregate VGM Score of F. If you aren't focused on one strategy, this score is the one you should be interested in.The company's stock is suitable solely for value based on our styles scores. Outlook The stock has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). We are expecting an inline return from the stock in the next few months.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.