 US Bancorp (NYSE:USB) delivered an ROE of 12.39% over the past 12 months, which is an impressive feat relative to its industry average of 8.95% during the same period. But what is more interesting is whether USB can sustain this above-average ratio. Sustainability can be gauged by a company’s financial leverage – the more debt it has, the higher ROE is pumped up in the short term, at the expense of long term interest payment burden. Let me show you what I mean by this. Check out our latest analysis for U.S. Bancorp  Return on Equity (ROE) weighs USB’s profit against the level of its shareholders’ equity. It essentially shows how much USB can generate in earnings given the amount of equity it has raised. Investors that are diversifying their portfolio based on industry may want to maximise their return in the Diversified Banks sector by choosing the highest returning stock. However, this can be deceiving as each company has varying costs of equity and debt levels, which could exaggeratedly push up ROE at the same time as accumulating high interest expense.Return on Equity = Net Profit ÷ Shareholders Equity Returns are usually compared to costs to measure the efficiency of capital. USB’s cost of equity is 11.27%. Since USB’s return covers its cost in excess of 1.13%, its use of equity capital is efficient and likely to be sustainable. Simply put, USB pays less for its capital than what it generates in return. ROE can be split up into three useful ratios: net profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage. This is called the Dupont Formula:ROE = profit margin × asset turnover × financial leverageROE = (annual net profit ÷ sales) × (sales ÷ assets) × (assets ÷ shareholders’ equity)ROE = annual net profit ÷ shareholders’ equity The first component is profit margin, which measures how much of sales is retained after the company pays for all its expenses. Asset turnover shows how much revenue USB can generate with its current asset base. The most interesting ratio, and reflective of sustainability of its ROE, is financial leverage. We can assess whether USB is fuelling ROE by excessively raising debt. Ideally, USB should have a balanced capital structure, which we can check by looking at the historic debt-to-equity ratio of the company. Currently the ratio stands at 104.43%, which is relatively balanced. This means USB has not taken on excessive leverage, and its above-average ROE is driven by its ability to grow its profit without a significant debt burden.  While ROE is a relatively simple calculation, it can be broken down into different ratios, each telling a different story about the strengths and weaknesses of a company. USB’s above-industry ROE is encouraging, and is also in excess of its cost of equity. Its high ROE is not likely to be driven by high debt. Therefore, investors may have more confidence in the sustainability of this level of returns going forward. ROE is a helpful signal, but it is definitely not sufficient on its own to make an investment decision. For U.S. Bancorp, I’ve put together three essential factors you should further examine: 1. Financial Health: Does it have a healthy balance sheet? Take a look at our free balance sheet analysis with six simple checks on key factors like leverage and risk.2. Valuation: What is USB worth today? Is the stock undervalued, even when its growth outlook is factored into its intrinsic value? The intrinsic value infographic in our free research report helps visualize whether USB is currently mispriced by the market.3. Other High-Growth Alternatives : Are there other high-growth stocks you could be holding instead of USB? Explore our interactive list of stocks with large growth potential to get an idea of what else is out there you may be missing!Expertise: Foreign exchange, fundamental analysis, financial statement analysisInvestment style: High conviction, long-short, contrarian, long-term horizonRenee began investing as a teenager after generating a handsome gain on her very first trade and continues to invest. When she isn’t writing news articles or investing, Renee enjoys watching Friends and playing football. Reach Renee at renee.allred@simplywallst.com.Try us out now!