
      American Express (NYSE:AXP) and Hilton (NYSE:HLT) today announced the 
      details of the upgraded American Express Hilton Honors co-branded credit 
      card portfolio, which features four new Cards designed to give consumers 
      and small businesses more choice, more benefits and more value. As 
      previously announced, American Express will become the exclusive issuer 
      of Hilton Honors credit cards in the United States.
    
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: 
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171101005899/en/


      The benefits and services for each of the four new Cards were designed 
      based on extensive consumer and small business research. Hilton Honors 
      members asked for simplicity, value, status, exclusivity and the ability 
      to earn more points toward their next trip whether they are traveling 
      for business or leisure. The four Card portfolio – the no-annual-fee 
      Hilton Honors American Express Card, the Hilton Honors American Express 
      Ascend Card, the Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card and the 
      Hilton Honors American Express Business Card – reflect the benefits and 
      value consumers and small business have asked for, delivering the most 
      rewarding Hilton Honors credit cards ever.
    
      "The card portfolio we are announcing today was designed with both 
      frequent and less frequent travelers in mind,” said Mark Weinstein, 
      Hilton’s Senior Vice President and Global Head – Customer Engagement, 
      Loyalty and Partnerships. "We know travelers -- and particularly our 
      Hilton Honors credit cardholders -- are looking for even more access, 
      personalized benefits, premium service and, yes, the ability to earn 
      even more points. In fact, the Aspire Card offers the most Hilton Honors 
      Points we have ever offered for spending in our hotels.”
    
      "Whether it’s a business trip or a vacation with the family, our new 
      suite of Cards will help you get the most out of your Hilton Honors 
      points and receive more perks, like lounge access and concierge, while 
      you travel,” said Eva Reda, Executive Vice President, Co-Brand 
      Partnerships, American Express. "Together, we’re deeply committed to 
      servicing our collective Card Members and are excited to provide more 
      choice and richer rewards to those who love Hilton’s 5,100 plus 
      properties worldwide.”
    
Upgraded Suite of Hilton Honors American Express Cards Offers More 
      Value

      Designed for the occasional traveler, the no-annual-fee Hilton Honors 
      American Express Card received an upgrade, including the removal of 
      foreign transaction fees. It maintains the same name and much-loved 
      benefits of the original card turning everyday spending into inspiring 
      travel opportunities. The full benefits include:
    
      For the savvy and established traveler, the Hilton Honors American 
      Express Ascend Card will deliver maximized travel rewards, including 
      elevated Hilton Honors status, the ability to earn more points and 
      Priority Lounge passes. The full benefits include:
    
      Frequent travelers seeking premium services and elevated experiences 
      will find the Hilton Honors American Express Aspire Card is their 
      complete travel partner - providing instant Diamond status, lounge 
      access, airline credits, free nights and 24/7 concierge access. This new 
      Card offers the richest Hilton Honors earn rate ever. The full benefits 
      include:
    
      Designed to address the needs of 25 million U.S. small business owners, 
      The Hilton Honors American Express Business Card will help small 
      business owners get the most out of every dollar spent and every mile 
      traveled to invest back into their business. This Card will allow the 
      user to maximize Card rewards related to business expenses and travel 
      and includes access to the American Express OPEN platform designed 
      specifically for small business owners. The full benefits include:
    
      All four of the Hilton Honors American Express Cards are linked to 
      Hilton’s award-winning guest-loyalty program, Hilton Honors, providing 
      Card Members with the choice to redeem for any of Hilton’s 14 
      world-class brands comprising nearly 5,000 properties with more than 
      812,000 rooms in 103 countries and territories.
    
      As part of this partnership extension and enhancement, American Express 
      has also entered into an agreement to purchase Citi’s Hilton co-branded 
      credit card portfolio, thus becoming the exclusive issuer for Hilton 
      Honors co-branded credit cards in the United States. The changes will be 
      finalized in January 2018 when the new Cards and updates are available 
      to consumers. At that time, all open and eligible Citi Hilton co-branded 
      credit card accounts will be transferred to American Express. Until 
      then, cardmembers should continue to make purchases on their Citi Hilton 
      Honors Card.
    
      Today, consumers are able to acquire the Hilton Honors and Surpass Cards 
      and will automatically be upgraded to the new benefits launching January 
      2018. For additional details related to each new Card, and to sign up 
      for updates about the new Hilton Honors American Express Cards launching 
      January 2018, visit: hiltonhonors.com/americanexpress
			
About American Express

      American Express is a global services company, providing customers with 
      access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build 
      business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com, 
      and connect with us on facebook.com/americanexpress, 
      instagram.com/americanexpress, 
      linkedin.com/company/american-express, 
      twitter.com/americanexpress, 
      and youtube.com/americanexpress.
    
      Key links to products, services and corporate responsibility 
      information: charge 
      and credit cards, business 
      credit cards, Plenti 
      rewards program, travel 
      services, gift 
      cards, prepaid 
      cards, merchant 
      services, Accertify, 
      corporate 
      card, business 
      travel, and corporate 
      responsibility.
    
About Hilton

      Hilton (NYSE:HLT) is a leading global hospitality company, with a 
      portfolio of 14 world-class brands comprising more than 5,100 properties 
      with nearly 838,000 rooms in 103 countries and territories. Hilton 
      is dedicated to fulfilling its mission to be the world’s most hospitable 
      company by delivering exceptional experiences – every hotel, every 
      guest, every time. The company's portfolio includes Hilton Hotels & 
      Resorts, Waldorf Astoria Hotels & Resorts, Conrad Hotels & Resorts, 
      Canopy by Hilton, Curio Collection by HiltonTM, DoubleTree by 
      Hilton, Tapestry Collection by HiltonTM, Embassy Suites by 
      Hilton, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton by Hilton, Tru by Hilton, Homewood 
      Suites by Hilton, Home2 Suites by Hilton and Hilton Grand Vacations. The 
      company also manages an award-winning customer loyalty program, Hilton 
      Honors. Hilton Honors members who book directly through preferred Hilton 
      channels have access to instant benefits, including a flexible payment 
      slider that allows members to choose exactly how many Points to combine 
      with money, an exclusive member discount that can’t be found anywhere 
      else and free standard Wi-Fi. Visit newsroom.hilton.com for 
      more information and connect with Hilton on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and YouTube.
    
About Hilton Honors

      Hilton Honors is the award-winning guest-loyalty program for Hilton’s 14 
      world-class brands comprising more than 5,100 properties with nearly 
      838,000 rooms in 103 countries and territories. Hilton Honors members 
      who book directly through preferred Hilton channels have access to 
      instant benefits, including a flexible payment slider that allows 
      members to choose nearly any combination of Points and money to book a 
      stay, an exclusive member discount that can’t be found anywhere else and 
      free standard Wi-Fi. Members also enjoy popular digital 
      tools available exclusively through the industry-leading Hilton 
      Honors mobile app, where Hilton Honors members can check-in, choose 
      their room and access their room using a Digital Key. With more than 69 
      million members, Hilton Honors offers hundreds of ways to earn and 
      redeem Points. Members can redeem their Points for free nights, premium 
      merchandise, items on Amazon Shop with Points; make charitable 
      contributions or gain access to unique events through the Hilton Honors 
      auction platform (hiltonhonors.com/auctions), 
      such as exclusive artist experiences and hotel concert events with Live 
      Nation®, or race experiences with the McLaren-Honda Formula 1 team. The 
      program is free to join, and travelers may enroll online by visiting www.HiltonHonors.com or 
      connect with Hilton Honors at news.hiltonhonors.com.
    
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171101005899/en/Your Personalized Market Center