
      Millennials plan to reorder the priorities in the workplace to focus on 
      building businesses based on both purpose and profit, and give attention 
      to employee well-being, according to a new survey from American Express.
    
Redefining 
      the C-Suite: Business the Millennial Way surveyed more than 
      2,300 leaders and Millennial managers – the future leaders of business – 
      in the U.S., U.K., France and Germany to better understand how getting 
      business done will change as Millennials rise to senior management 
      roles. This release focuses on the responses of the 343 Millennial 
      survey respondents in the U.S.
    
      Seven in ten U.S. Millennials (70% vs 63% of U.S. Gen Xers), defined as 
      those born between 1980 and 1996, said that a C-Suite role is attractive 
      to them – the highest among the four countries surveyed. But more than 
      one-third (35%) believe in less than ten years the CEO role will no 
      longer be relevant in its current format.
    
      "Millennials have high expectations for the businesses they work for – 
      and will eventually lead,” said Susan Sobbott, President of American 
      Express Global Commercial Payments. "The successful U.S. business of the 
      future will need to have an authentic purpose and foster employee 
      well-being with passionate, committed leadership at the helm. 
      Millennials are seeking work with meaning beyond just making money, and 
      they’re willing to make tradeoffs to achieve their own definition of 
      success.”
    
Millennials are Holding the Business of the Future to Their Same High 
      Standards

      Not only were Millennials from the U.S. most likely to say they want to 
      be known for making a positive difference in the world (68%), but more 
      than eight-in-ten (81%) say a successful business will have a genuine 
      purpose that resonates with people. Nearly as many (78%) believe that 
      the values of their employer should match their own values. Yet the 
      research also found that 62 percent of Millennials recognize the 
      importance of maximizing shareholder value and profits – something often 
      perceived as being at odds with running a purposeful business.
    
Managing the Business of the Future: Millennials’ Priorities Include 
      Employees’ Happiness and Fair Pay

      As part of their C-Suite shake up, U.S. Millennial leaders will put 
      employee well-being at the top of their agenda. This may be a result of 
      personal experience, because more than half of Millennials (54%) said 
      they feel pressure to always be available to work. Three-quarters of 
      Millennials (75%) said that a successful business should be flexible and 
      fluid in the face of volatile working environments and not enforce a 
      rigid structure on employees, and nearly three-quarters (74%) indicated 
      a successful business will need to support employees outside of work.
    
      When asked about the key challenges to businesses of the future, 
      Millennials identified the top five as paying employees fairly (39%), 
      retaining talented employees (37%), improving performance (33%), keeping 
      pace with innovation and technological change (32%) and providing 
      flexible working arrangements (29%).
    
      If they were or currently are running their company, Millennials are 
      more likely to invest time and money in staff and strategy than sales. 
      An overwhelming majority said they would invest in employee development 
      (94%) and company strategy (92%), while slightly fewer would invest in 
      hitting sales targets (86%). They are also more likely than Gen X 
      respondents to invest in executive education (87% vs. 77%).
    
      To overcome future challenges over the next five to ten years, 
      Millennials said the key qualities of a boss will be their integrity 
      (43%), fairness (40%) and problem-solving skills (37%).
    
Millennials Prepared to Make Tradeoffs for Personal Success

      On a personal level, U.S. Millennials are seeking validation from their 
      peers and looking to make a positive impact. Six-in-ten (60%) said they 
      care about what friends and family think about their career and more 
      than one-third define success as doing work that has a positive impact 
      on society (37%). When considering their personal definition of success, 
      Millennials rated enjoying the work they do as very important to them 
      (62%), followed closely by having a good work/life balance (58%).
    
      In order to achieve their vision of success, Millennials are willing to 
      make trade-offs. Over one-third said they would lower their expectations 
      around having responsibility at work (35%) and lower their career 
      advancement expectations (35%) to achieve their vision of success, while 
      three-in-ten said they were happy to lower their salary expectations 
      (30% vs 19% of U.S. Gen Xers).
    
Survey Methodology

      This research was conducted by Kantar Futures on behalf of American 
      Express in June 2017 across France, Germany, the U.K. and the U.S. and 
      surveyed 1,363 Millennials who self-identified as business managers and 
      1,062 self-identified business managers from Generation X. Margin of 
      error is 4% at cohort level in each country, and 2% for the cohorts 
      across all four countries. A literature review and trends analysis was 
      also conducted.
    
      For the purpose of this research Millennials are defined as those born 
      between 1980 and 1996. Gen X is defined as those born between 1965 and 
      1979. In the U.S. 343 Millennials who self-identified as business 
      managers and 262 self-identified business managers from Generation X 
      were surveyed.
    
About American Express Global Commercial 
      Payments

      Through its Global Commercial Payments division, American Express offers 
      a suite of payment and lending products that help businesses and 
      organizations of all sizes gain financial savings, control and 
      efficiency. Global Commercial Payments provides solutions for travel and 
      everyday business spending, cross border payments, global currency 
      solutions, and business financing.

      To learn more about Global Commercial Payments visit business.americanexpress.com.
    
About American Express

      American Express is a global services company, providing customers with 
      access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build 
      business success. Learn more at americanexpress.com 
      and connect with us on facebook.com/americanexpress, 
      instagram.com/americanexpress, 
      linkedin.com/company/american-express, 
      twitter.com/americanexpress, 
      and youtube.com/americanexpress.
    
View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20171129005164/en/Your Personalized Market Center