The transition of Oracle Corporation  (NYSE: ORCL)'s infrastructure business into the highly competitive cloud could prove tricky, and this risk is not being fully reflected in Street estimates, according to UBS.UBS analyst Jennifer Swanson Lowe assumed coverage of Oracle stock.UBS assumed coverage of  Oracle shares  with a Neutral rating and a $55 price target. The firm earlier had a Buy rating and $57 price target for the IT company.The difficulty in the transition of Oracle's  infrastructure business into the cloud  stems from a larger impacted revenue base; the move away to a highly competitive cloud market, the less attractive margin characteristics of  IaaS  and PaaS; and limited opportunity to smooth/accelerate the transition via M&A, Swanson Lowe said. (See Swanson Lowe's track record here.) Oracle's hard push into the cloud is the right move from a futuristic perspective, Swanson Lowe said. See also:   The Core Reasons To Buy Oracle Haven't Changed Given the premium multiple at which Oracle stock is trading relative to historical multiples, a Neutral rating makes sense, Swanson Lowe said. Street estimates apparently do not fully reflect the near-term risk to margins or growth amid the shift in Oracle's business model, the analyst said."However, Oracle's defensive profile (large balance sheet for buybacks, dividend yield) and undemanding relative valuation, along with 'good enough' financial results on low expectations offer downside support."UBS expects cloud revenue growth, which is estimated in the low single digits, and limited margin expansion to offset steady declines in on-premise.It will take time for Oracle's cloud to fully resonate with buyers, according to UBS.Meaningful share gains in IaaS/PaaS could drive growth in Oracle's earnings per share, Swanson Lowe said.At the time of writing, Oracle shares were off 1.27 percent at $49.90.Related Link:Strategist Breaks Down A Stagnant Tech M&A SceneOracle cofounder Larry Ellison. Courtesy photo.
View More Analyst Ratings for ORCL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
Posted-In: Jennifer Swanson Lowe Oracle UBSAnalyst Color Price Target Initiation Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.