ENGLEWOOD, Colo.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Liberty Media Corporation (“Liberty Media” or “Liberty”) (NASDAQ: LSXMA, 
      LSXMB, LSXMK, BATRA, BATRK, FWONA, FWONK) today reported second quarter 
      2017 results. Highlights include(1):
    
      “The Formula 1 management team is invigorating the sport, and during the 
      quarter we capitalized on this with successful debt and equity offerings 
      and fully repaid the more expensive second lien term loan,” said Greg 
      Maffei, Liberty Media President and CEO. “The Atlanta Braves new 
      SunTrust Park is proving a sustained attraction for fans, with more 
      developments to come at the Battery Atlanta. SiriusXM delivered an 
      outstanding quarter on all metrics and now serves over 32 million 
      subscribers.”
    
      Unless otherwise noted, the following discussion compares financial 
      information for the three months ended June 30, 2017 to the same period 
      in 2016.
    
LIBERTY SIRIUSXM GROUP – The following table provides the 
      financial results attributed to Liberty SiriusXM Group for the second 
      quarter of 2017. In the second quarter, approximately $10 million of 
      corporate level selling, general and administrative expense (including 
      stock-based compensation expense) was allocated to the Liberty SiriusXM 
      Group.
    
            (7
          
            )
          
      The increases in Liberty SiriusXM Group revenue, operating income and 
      adjusted OIBDA(2) were primarily attributable to an increase 
      in SiriusXM’s daily weighted average number of subscribers and an 
      increase in SiriusXM’s average monthly revenue per subscriber due to 
      certain rate increases.
    
      SiriusXM is a separate publicly traded company and additional 
      information about SiriusXM can be obtained through its website and 
      filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. SiriusXM reported 
      its stand-alone second quarter results on July 27, 2017. For additional 
      detail on SiriusXM’s financial results for the second quarter, please 
      see SiriusXM’s earnings release posted to their Investor Relations 
      website. For presentation purposes on page one of this release, we 
      include the results of SiriusXM, as reported by SiriusXM, without regard 
      to the purchase accounting adjustments applied by us for purposes of our 
      financial statements. Liberty Media believes the presentation of 
      financial results as reported by SiriusXM is useful to investors as the 
      comparability of those results is best understood in the context of 
      SiriusXM’s historical financial presentation. For a reconciliation of 
      revenue, adjusted OIBDA (as defined by Liberty Media) and operating 
      income for SiriusXM’s stand-alone operating results as reported by 
      SiriusXM to those results as reported by Liberty Media, see Liberty 
      Media’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017.
    
      The businesses and assets attributed to Liberty SiriusXM Group consist 
      primarily of Liberty Media’s interest in SiriusXM.
    
FORMULA ONE GROUP – The following table provides the financial 
      results attributed to the Formula One Group for the second quarter of 
      2017. In the second quarter, the Formula One Group incurred 
      approximately $9 million of corporate level selling, general and 
      administrative expense (including stock-based compensation expense).
    
      “We just passed the halfway point in the 2017 season, and attendance, 
      viewership and engagement on digital platforms have increased,” said 
      Chase Carey, Formula 1 Chairman and CEO. “We are in the process of 
      developing our three to five year strategic plan while focusing on key 
      priorities like improving and building fan engagement that will 
      positively impact the business and build the foundation for long-term 
      results.”
    
            $
          
            NA
          
            $
          
            NA
          
            $
          
            NA
          
      Liberty completed the acquisition of F1 on January 23, 2017. Liberty 
      maintained an investment in F1 from September 7, 2016 until January 23, 
      2017, which was accounted for as a cost investment. For comparison and 
      discussion purposes, the pro forma results of F1 are presented below for 
      the full three months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016, inclusive of 
      purchase accounting adjustments, as if the acquisition of F1 occurred on 
      January 1, 2016. The purchase price allocation related to the F1 
      business combination and pro forma adjustments are preliminary and have 
      been made available solely for the purpose of providing comparative pro 
      forma condensed consolidated financial information. The financial 
      information below is presented for illustrative purposes only and does 
      not purport to represent what the results of operations of F1 would 
      actually have been had the business combination occurred on January 1, 
      2016, or to project the results of operations of Liberty for any future 
      periods.
    
Pro Forma F1 Operating Results

            169(1)

             
          
      _________________________
    
      Primary F1 revenue represents the majority of F1’s revenue and is 
      derived from (i) race promotion fees, (ii) broadcasting fees and (iii) 
      advertising and sponsorship fees. Broadcast revenue increased due to 
      higher contractual rates and the impact of slightly higher proportionate 
      recognition of season-based income during the quarter (7/20 races 
      in the second quarter of 2017 compared to 7/21 races in the 
      second quarter of 2016), which more than offset the adverse impact of 
      weaker prevailing foreign currency exchange rates used to translate a 
      small number of Pound and Euro-denominated contracts into US dollars. 
      Advertising and sponsorship revenue increased due to new sponsors and 
      due to the impact of slightly higher proportionate recognition of 
      season-based income. Other Formula 1 revenue increased modestly during 
      the second quarter primarily due to higher TV production revenue. These 
      increases were partially offset by lower race promotion fees due to one 
      contract amendment, which was partly offset by the impact of other 
      contractual increases.
    
      Operating income decreased primarily due to increased amortization 
      related to intangible assets acquired in the F1 acquisition and 
      stock-based compensation related to awards granted to members of F1 
      management.
    
      Adjusted OIBDA decreased slightly in the second quarter, as revenue 
      growth, described above, was offset by increased selling, general and 
      administrative expense as a result of additional headcount, as well as 
      an increase in other costs of Formula 1 revenue related to spend on 
      increased fan engagement, filming in ultra-high-definition and higher 
      freight costs. Additionally, these costs were partially offset by lower 
      spend on the GP3 series.
    
      The businesses and assets attributed to the Formula One Group consist of 
      all of Liberty Media’s businesses and assets other than those attributed 
      to the Liberty SiriusXM Group and the Braves Group, including Liberty 
      Media’s subsidiary F1, its interest in Live Nation, minority equity 
      investments in Time Warner and Viacom and an intergroup interest in the 
      Braves Group. There are approximately 9.1 million notional shares 
      underlying the Formula One Group’s 15.5% intergroup interest in the 
      Braves Group.
    
BRAVES GROUP - The following table provides the financial results 
      attributed to the Braves Group for the second quarter of 2017. In the 
      second quarter, approximately $2 million of corporate level selling, 
      general and administrative expense (including stock-based compensation 
      expense) was allocated to the Braves Group.
    
      The following table provides the operating results of Braves Holdings, 
      LLC (“Braves”).
    
Braves Operating Results

      The increase in Braves revenue in the quarter was primarily attributable 
      to an increase in ballpark operations revenue driven by the Braves move 
      to their new ballpark, SunTrust Park, and improved on-field performance. 
      Ticket sales, concessions, corporate sales, suites and premium seat fees 
      all increased during the second quarter. Operating loss increased 
      compared to the prior year primarily as a result of increased 
      depreciation and amortization expense due to an increase in property and 
      equipment to support the development of the Braves mixed-use facility 
      that surrounds SunTrust Park. Adjusted OIBDA increased primarily due to 
      the increase in ballpark operations revenue as discussed above, 
      partially offset by increased costs associated with baseball and 
      ballpark operations.
    
      The Formula One Group holds an approximate 15.5% intergroup interest in 
      the Braves Group as of July 31, 2017. Assuming the issuance of the 
      shares underlying the intergroup interest held by the Formula One Group, 
      the Braves Group outstanding share count as of July 31, 2017 would have 
      been 58.6 million.
    
      The businesses and assets attributed to the Braves Group consist 
      primarily of Liberty Media’s subsidiary Braves, which indirectly owns 
      the Atlanta Braves major league baseball team, five minor league 
      baseball clubs and certain assets and liabilities associated with its 
      ballpark and mixed-use development project.
    
Share Repurchases

      There were no repurchases of Series A or Series C Liberty SiriusXM 
      common stock, Series A or Series C Liberty Braves common stock or Series 
      A or Series C Liberty Formula One common stock from May 1, 2017 through 
      July 31, 2017. The total remaining repurchase authorization for Liberty 
      Media is approximately $1.3 billion and can be applied to repurchases of 
      Series A and Series C shares of any of the Liberty Media Corporation 
      tracking stocks.
    
FOOTNOTES

            Liberty Media’s President and CEO, Greg Maffei, will discuss these 
            highlights and other matters on Liberty Media’s earnings 
            conference call, which will begin at 11:00 a.m. (E.D.T.) on August 
            9, 2017. For information regarding how to access the call, please 
            see “Important Notice” later in this document.
          
NOTES

      The following financial information with respect to Liberty Media’s 
      equity affiliates and available for sale securities is intended to 
      supplement Liberty Media’s condensed consolidated balance sheet and 
      statement of operations to be included in its Form 10-Q for the period 
      ended June 30, 2017.
    
Fair Value of Corporate Public Holdings

            $
          
            N/A
          
            $
          
            N/A
          
      _________________________
    
Cash and Debt

      The following presentation is provided to separately identify cash and 
      liquid investments and debt information.
    
      _________________________
    
      Total cash and liquid investments attributed to Liberty SiriusXM Group 
      decreased $157 million during the quarter primarily due to (i) 
      SiriusXM’s acquisition of Automatic Labs Inc. on April 18, 2017 for an 
      aggregate purchase price of $107 million, net of cash and restricted 
      cash acquired; (ii) the recapitalization of SiriusXM Canada on May 25, 
      2017 for total consideration (excluding transaction costs) of $309 
      million, which included $130 million in cash consideration and 35 
      million shares of newly issued common stock; SiriusXM also made a 
      contribution in the form of a loan to SiriusXM Canada for $131 million; 
      (iii) SiriusXM’s $172.5 million investment in Series A convertible 
      preferred stock of Pandora on June 9, 2017; and (iv) stock repurchases, 
      dividends paid to shareholders and capital expenditures at SiriusXM. 
      Uses of cash were partially offset by cash from operations and debt 
      borrowings. Included in the cash and liquid investments balance 
      attributed to Liberty SiriusXM Group at June 30, 2017 is $43 million 
      held at SiriusXM. Although SiriusXM is a consolidated subsidiary, it is 
      a separate public company with a significant non-controlling interest, 
      therefore Liberty Media does not have ready access to SiriusXM’s cash 
      balance.
    
      Total debt attributed to Liberty SiriusXM Group increased $470 million 
      during the quarter primarily due to borrowings under SiriusXM’s 
      revolving credit facility to fund the aforementioned uses of cash at 
      SiriusXM. On June 27, 2017, SiriusXM issued a notice to redeem all of 
      its 4.25% Notes, which were subsequently redeemed on July 27, 2017 for a 
      total amount of $510 million. This redemption will result in a loss on 
      extinguishment of debt for SiriusXM of approximately $8 million in the 
      third quarter of 2017. On July 5, 2017, SiriusXM issued notices to 
      redeem all of its 5.75% Notes, which were subsequently redeemed on 
      August 4, 2017 for a total amount of $618 million. This redemption will 
      result in a loss on extinguishment of debt for SiriusXM of approximately 
      $21 million in the third quarter of 2017. On July 5, 2017, SiriusXM 
      issued $750 million of 3.875% Senior Notes due 2022 and $1.25 billion of 
      5.00% Senior Notes due 2027, and subsequently issued an additional $250 
      million of each of its 3.875% Senior Notes due 2022 and its 5.00% Senior 
      Notes due 2027.
    
      Total cash and liquid investments attributed to the Formula One Group 
      decreased $183 million during the quarter, primarily as a result of 
      working capital swings due to the seasonality of the business and debt 
      repayments at F1, partially offset by proceeds of the primary equity 
      offering discussed below.
    
      Total debt attributed to Formula One Group decreased approximately $442 
      million primarily as a result of the repayment of debt at F1. On May 24, 
      2017, Liberty closed a primary offering of 12.9 million shares of Series 
      C Liberty Formula One common stock (“FWONK”) at a price of $31.00 per 
      share. Liberty received approximately $388 million in net proceeds, 
      after deducting underwriters’ discounts and commissions related to the 
      primary offering. Net proceeds from the offering, along with cash on 
      hand, were used to repay $400 million of F1’s outstanding $700 million 
      second lien term loan during the second quarter. Additionally, F1’s 
      first lien term loan Euro tranche was repaid during the second quarter 
      using cash on hand.
    
      On July 24, 2017, Liberty announced the expiration of its investment 
      opportunity for F1 teams offered at the time of Liberty’s acquisition in 
      January 2017. Liberty retains the right to offer future investment 
      opportunities to Formula 1 teams. As of July 31, 2017, there are 
      approximately 230.7 million shares of Liberty Formula One common stock, 
      pro-forma for the approximately 15.7 million shares of FWONK issuable 
      upon exchange of the Exchangeable Notes issued to the F1 selling 
      shareholders in connection with the F1 acquisition, based on the maximum 
      number of shares issuable.
    
      Subsequent to quarter end, on August 3, 2017, Liberty closed a $200 
      million add-on to F1’s $3.1 billion first lien term loan. The add-on is 
      on the same terms as the existing first lien term loan and has a rate of 
      3.25%, which will reduce to 3.00% after September 2, 2017 if certain 
      recently secured upgraded credit ratings are retained. F1 used the 
      proceeds from the $200 million term loan, together with cash on hand, to 
      repay the remaining $300 million of the second lien term loan. Liberty 
      also amended the first lien term loan agreement to, among other things, 
      increase F1’s available revolving credit facility capacity from $75 
      million to $500 million, which was undrawn as of August 3, 2017. The 
      term loan and revolving credit facility remain non-recourse to Liberty. 
      Pro-forma for this financing, the total principal amount of debt 
      attributed to the Formula One Group is $5.9 billion and pro-forma cash 
      and liquid investments attributed to the Formula One Group is $343 
      million as of June 30, 2017.
    
      Total cash and liquid investments attributed to the Braves Group 
      increased $13 million during the quarter, as capital expenditures 
      related to the construction of the new ballpark and adjacent mixed-use 
      development were more than offset by cash from operations and additional 
      borrowings.
    
      As of June 30, 2017, approximately $692 million had been spent on the 
      new ballpark, of which approximately $390 million of funding was 
      provided by Cobb County and related entities and $302 million provided 
      by the Braves. As of June 30, 2017, approximately $374 million had been 
      spent on the mixed-use development (including $7 million of cost towards 
      future development phases, including purchased land cost, not reflected 
      in the currently forecasted equity contribution towards the mixed-use 
      development). The Braves have provided $338 million of this funding, of 
      which approximately $188 million was contributed in equity and 
      approximately $150 million in debt.
    
      Total debt attributed to the Braves Group increased by $91 million 
      primarily as a result of additional borrowings for funding the ballpark 
      and mixed-use development.
    
Important Notice: Liberty Media Corporation (Nasdaq: LSXMA, 
      LSXMB, LSXMK, FWONA, FWONK, BATRA, BATRK) President and CEO, Greg 
      Maffei, will discuss Liberty Media’s earnings release on a conference 
      call which will begin at 11:00 a.m. (E.D.T.) on August 9, 2017. The call 
      can be accessed by dialing (844) 838-8043 or (678) 509-7480 at least 10 
      minutes prior to the start time. The call will also be broadcast live 
      across the Internet and archived on our website. To access the webcast 
      go to http://www.libertymedia.com/events. 
      Links to this press release will also be available on the Liberty Media 
      website.
    
This press release includes certain forward-looking statements within 
      the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, 
      including statements about business strategies, market potential, future 
      financial prospects, the future financial performance of F1’s business, 
      the new ballpark for the Atlanta Braves and completion of the associated 
      mixed-use development, expansion of the Formula 1 brand, the 
      continuation of our stock repurchase plan and other matters that are not 
      historical facts. These forward-looking statements involve many 
      risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ 
      materially from those expressed or implied by such statements, 
      including, without limitation, possible changes in market acceptance of 
      new products or services, regulatory matters affecting our businesses, 
      the unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation, the failure to 
      realize benefits of acquisitions, rapid technological and industry 
      change, failure of third parties to perform, changes in consumer 
      protection laws and their enforcement, continued access to capital on 
      terms acceptable to Liberty Media and changes in law and market 
      conditions conducive to stock repurchases. These forward-looking 
      statements speak only as of the date of this press release, and Liberty 
      Media expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate 
      any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained 
      herein to reflect any change in Liberty Media's expectations with regard 
      thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which 
      any such statement is based. Please refer to the publicly filed 
      documents of Liberty Media, including the most recent Forms 10-K and 
      10-Q, for additional information about Liberty Media and about the risks 
      and uncertainties related to Liberty Media's business which may affect 
      the statements made in this press release.

            Total assets
          
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES

      SCHEDULE 1
    
      This press release includes a presentation of adjusted OIBDA, which is a 
      non-GAAP financial measure, for the Liberty SiriusXM Group, the Braves 
      Group and the Formula One Group, together with reconciliations to 
      operating income, as determined under GAAP. Liberty Media defines 
      adjusted OIBDA as revenue less operating expenses, and selling, general 
      and administrative expenses, excluding all stock based compensation, and 
      excludes from that definition depreciation and amortization, 
      restructuring and impairment charges and separately reported legal 
      settlements that are included in the measurement of operating income 
      pursuant to GAAP.
    
      Liberty Media believes adjusted OIBDA is an important indicator of the 
      operational strength and performance of its businesses, including each 
      business’ ability to service debt and fund capital expenditures. In 
      addition, this measure allows management to view operating results and 
      perform analytical comparisons and benchmarking between businesses and 
      identify strategies to improve performance. Because adjusted OIBDA is 
      used as a measure of operating performance, Liberty Media views 
      operating income as the most directly comparable GAAP measure. Adjusted 
      OIBDA is not meant to replace or supersede operating income or any other 
      GAAP measure, but rather to supplement such GAAP measures in order to 
      present investors with the same information that Liberty Media’s 
      management considers in assessing the results of operations and 
      performance of its assets.
    
      The following table provides a reconciliation of adjusted OIBDA for 
      Liberty Media to operating income calculated in accordance with GAAP for 
      the three months ended June 30, 2016 and June 30, 2017, respectively.
    
QUARTERLY SUMMARY

      SCHEDULE 2
    
      This press release also includes a presentation of adjusted EBITDA, 
      which is a non-GAAP financial measure used by SiriusXM, together with a 
      reconciliation to SiriusXM’s stand-alone net income, as determined under 
      GAAP. SiriusXM defines adjusted EBITDA as follows: EBITDA is defined as 
      net income before interest expense, income tax expense and depreciation 
      and amortization. SiriusXM adjusts EBITDA to exclude the impact of other 
      income as well as certain other charges discussed below. Adjusted EBITDA 
      is one of the primary Non-GAAP financial measures SiriusXM uses to (i) 
      evaluate the performance of its on-going core operating results period 
      over period, (ii) base its internal budgets and (iii) compensate 
      management. Adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP financial measure that 
      excludes (if applicable): (i) certain adjustments as a result of the 
      purchase price accounting for the merger of Sirius and XM, (ii) 
      share-based payment expense and (iii) other significant operating 
      expense (income) that do not relate to the on-going performance of the 
      business. SiriusXM believes adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure of the 
      underlying trend of its operating performance, which provides useful 
      information about the business apart from the costs associated with its 
      capital structure and purchase price accounting. SiriusXM believes 
      investors find this Non-GAAP financial measure useful when analyzing 
      past operating performance with current performance and comparing 
      operating performance to the performance of other communications, 
      entertainment and media companies. SiriusXM believes investors use 
      adjusted EBITDA to estimate current enterprise value and to make 
      investment decisions. Because of large capital investments in SiriusXM’s 
      satellite radio system, its results of operations reflect significant 
      charges for depreciation expense. SiriusXM believes the exclusion of 
      share-based payment expense is useful as it is not directly related to 
      the operational conditions of the business. SiriusXM also believes the 
      exclusion of the legal settlements and reserves related to the 
      historical use of sound recordings and loss on disposal of assets, to 
      the extent they occur during the period, is useful as they are 
      significant expenses not incurred as part of normal operations for the 
      period.
    
      Adjusted EBITDA has certain limitations in that it does not take into 
      account the impact to SiriusXM’s statements of comprehensive income of 
      certain expenses, including share-based payment expense and certain 
      purchase price accounting for the merger of Sirius and XM. SiriusXM 
      endeavors to compensate for the limitations of the Non-GAAP measure 
      presented by also providing the comparable GAAP measure with equal or 
      greater prominence and descriptions of the reconciling items, including 
      quantifying such items, to derive the Non-GAAP measure. Investors that 
      wish to compare and evaluate operating results after giving effect for 
      these costs, should refer to net income as disclosed in SiriusXM’s 
      unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Since 
      adjusted EBITDA is a Non-GAAP financial performance measure, SiriusXM’s 
      calculation of adjusted EBITDA may be susceptible to varying 
      calculations; may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures 
      of other companies; and should not be considered in isolation, as a 
      substitute for, or superior to measures of financial performance 
      prepared in accordance with GAAP. The reconciliation of net income to 
      the adjusted EBITDA is calculated as follows:
    
      _________________________
    
      SCHEDULE 3
    
      SiriusXM’s free cash flow is derived from cash flow provided by 
      operating activities, net of additions to property and equipment, 
      restricted and other investment activity and the return of capital from 
      investment in unconsolidated entity. Free cash flow is a metric that 
      SiriusXM’s management and board of directors use to evaluate the cash 
      generated by operations, net of capital expenditures and other 
      investment activity. In a capital intensive business, with significant 
      investments in satellites, SiriusXM looks at operating cash flow, net of 
      these investing cash outflows, to determine cash available for future 
      subscriber acquisition and capital expenditures, to repurchase or retire 
      debt, to acquire other companies and to evaluate SiriusXM’s ability to 
      return capital to stockholders. SiriusXM excludes from free cash flow 
      certain items that do not relate to the on-going performance of the 
      business such as cash outflows for acquisitions, strategic investments 
      and loans to related parties. SiriusXM believes free cash flow is an 
      indicator of the long-term financial stability of the business. Free 
      cash flow, which is reconciled to “Net cash provided by operating 
      activities,” is a Non-GAAP financial measure. This measure can be 
      calculated by deducting amounts under the captions “Additions to 
      property and equipment” and deducting or adding Restricted and other 
      investment activity from “Net cash provided by operating activities” 
      from the consolidated statements of cash flows, adjusted for any 
      significant legal settlements. Free cash flow should be used in 
      conjunction with other GAAP financial performance measures and may not 
      be comparable to free cash flow measures presented by other companies. 
      Free cash flow should be viewed as a supplemental measure rather than an 
      alternative measure of cash flows from operating activities, as 
      determined in accordance with GAAP. Free cash flow is limited and does 
      not represent remaining cash flows available for discretionary 
      expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the 
      payments required for debt maturities. SiriusXM believes free cash flow 
      provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding its 
      current cash flow, along with other GAAP measures (such as cash flows 
      from operating and investing activities), to determine SiriusXM’s 
      financial condition, and to compare its operating performance to other 
      communications, entertainment and media companies. Free cash flow is 
      calculated as follows:
    

      Liberty Media CorporationCourtnee Chun, (720) 875-5420
    Liberty Media Corporation Reports Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results
      Liberty Media CorporationCourtnee Chun, (720) 875-5420
    