
Jack Hue 
3 weeks ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
Company SnapshotThe Liberty SiriusXM Group (NASDAQ:LSXMA), from the Services sector had a price of $ $40.89 today, indicating a change of -0.61%. The company is predicting an earnings per share growth of 30.54% in the coming year. The earnings per share growth over the next five years will be . The Liberty SiriusXM Group had an earnings per share growth of *tba in the last 5 years.Currently the return on equity is 4.60% and its debt to equity is 0.66. The Liberty SiriusXM Group has a total market cap of $ 23.69B, a gross margin of 60.70% while the profit margin is 8.80% and the ROI is 6.20%  PerformanceThe stats on The Liberty SiriusXM Group are currently as follows.The weekly performance is -1.71%, and the quarterly performance is at -4.24%. The monthly performance is -5.22% and the yearly performance is 21.91%. The performance for Year to Date (YTD) is 18.45%.The Liberty SiriusXM Group has earnings per share of $ 1.38 and the earnings per share growth for this year is 59.20%. The ROI is 6.20% and the return on equity for The Liberty SiriusXM Groupas stated earlier, is currently at 4.60%.The return on assets (ROA) for The Liberty SiriusXM Group is 1.70%. The earnings per share (EPS) is a direct measure of a company’s profit. EPS is calculated by subtracting dividends from profits and dividing it by the total number of shares outstanding.The return on investment (ROI) is the money a company has made or lost on an investment – in simple terms. The return on equity (ROE) measures the company’s profitability and the efficiency at which it is generating those profits. ROE is calculated by dividing the total profit by total amount of money invested in the company. The return on assets (ROA) is a very useful indicator that illustrates how profitable a company really is in relation to its total assets. ROA is calculated by dividing the total annual earnings by the company’s total assets.Dividends and Price Earnings RatioThe Liberty SiriusXM Group has a dividend yield of *tba. The price/earnings ratio (P/E) is 29.69 and the forward P/E ratio stands at 17.88. The price to earnings growth is 1.22 and the price to sales growth is 4.54. The price/earnings ratio (P/E) is one of the best known investment valuation indicators. P/E is calculated by dividing the trailing 12 months’ earnings per share by the present share price. Typically, a high P/E ratio means that the investors are paying more for today’s earnings in hopes of future growth in earnings. The forward price to earnings ratio, as the name suggests, is used to find the future price to earnings ratio. It is calculated by dividing the market price per share with the anticipated earnings per share.The price to earnings growth ratio (PEG) is utilized for determining a stock’s value in relation to the company’s earnings. It helps to provide a more holistic picture with the P/E ratio. The PEG is calculated by dividing the price to earnings ratio by the annual earnings per share growth. The lower the PEG ratio, the more the stock is undervalued in relation to its earnings performance. VolumeThe Liberty SiriusXM Group has a 52-week low of 25.28%  and 52-week high of -11.93%. The company has a 20-day simple moving average of -3.89% and a volume of -3.89%. The average volume stands around 462.01.Volume is the amount of shares that trade hands – in simple terms. TechnicalThe technical stats for The Liberty SiriusXM Group are as follows.The Liberty SiriusXM Group has a simple moving average of -3.89% over the last 20 days. The simple moving average for the last 200 days stands at 0.58%. The Liberty SiriusXM Group has a beta of *tba and the weekly and monthly volatility stands at 1.74% and 1.80% respectively. A simple moving average (SMA) is calculated by adding the closing price of the stock for the given time periods, say for 20 days, and then dividing it by that time period- i.e 20. It usually helps to smooth out the ‘noise’ by filtering out random price movements. Since SMA is based on past data, it will tend to have a lag. The longer the time period the greater the lag. So a 20-day SMA will have less lag than the 200-day SMA. Shorter SMAs are used for short-term trading and vice versa. Beta is used to measure the volatility of the stock. A beta of less than 1 means that it is less volatile than the market and a beta of greater than 1 means that it is more volatile than the market. A beta of 1 indicates that the stock will move with the market.Volatility, in simple terms, is an indicator of how risky the stock is. It is the amount of uncertainty or risk about the magnitude of changes in a stock’s value. Higher volatility means that a stock’s price can change radically in either direction in a very short period of time and lower volatility is just the opposite, as the price doesn’t change dramatically – instead it varies at a steady pace over a significantly longer period of time. Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information. Assumptions made within the analysis are not reflective of the position of any analysts or financial professionals.The Liberty SiriusXM Group | NASDAQ : LSXMA | Broadcasting – RadioTags (NASDAQ:LSXMA) Broadcasting - Radio LSXMA NASDAQ Services The Liberty SiriusXM Group4 mins ago4 mins ago4 mins agoYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  

