
New feature for managed portfolio clients may generate tax benefits
Tax-loss harvesting infographic.Tax-loss harvesting infographic.OMAHA, Neb.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Your investments should be positioned to help you attain your goals 
      while being tax efficient at the same time. TD Ameritrade Investment 
      Management, LLC, a registered investment advisor subsidiary of TD 
      Ameritrade Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: AMTD), today announced a new tax-loss 
      harvesting strategy that can help everyday investors make their 
      portfolios more tax-efficient.
    
      “In the past, only the wealthiest investors could afford to reap the 
      greatest benefits of effective tax management strategies. Times have 
      changed. TD Ameritrade’s new feature can help to streamline tax 
      strategies, providing great value and ease for our managed portfolio 
      clients,” says Lule Demmissie, managing director of investment products 
      and guidance at TD Ameritrade. “Our clients have asked for these 
      capabilities, and we’re pleased to now offer them – at no additional 
      cost.”
    
      Tax-loss harvesting monitors investors’ portfolios daily while they 
      focus on their everyday lives. This strategy harvests or "realizes" 
      losses and reinvests them in replacement securities, allowing investors 
      the potential to offset taxes on both gains and income while retaining 
      their desired portfolio allocations. With TD Ameritrade’s new offering, 
      clients with ETF-based managed portfolios through Essential Portfolios 
      and certain Selective Portfolios can opt into these strategies with just 
      one click.
    
How it works: Once a client opts in, 
      TD Ameritrade Investment Management will analyze each client’s portfolio 
      daily, searching for opportunities to initiate tax-loss harvesting. When 
      such an opportunity arises, TD Ameritrade Investment Management will 
      sell the position for the client and invest the proceeds in a 
      replacement security.
    
      “Tax season shouldn’t just be the first few months of the year,” 
      continues Demmissie. “With one simple click, our clients can potentially 
      receive a tax benefit come mid-April, all while staying in the market 
      and maintaining their asset allocations.”
    
      To learn more about the new tax-loss harvesting feature available for 
      Essential Portfolios and Selective Portfolios clients, visit https://www.tdameritrade.com/investment-products/managed-portfolios.page.
    
About TD Ameritrade Holding CorporationMillions of 
      investors and independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) have 
      turned to TD Ameritrade’s (Nasdaq: AMTD) technology, people and education to 
      help make investing and trading easier to understand and do. Online or 
      over the phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or 
      sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them 
      decide how - bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. 
      TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized 
      as a leader in investment services. Please visit TD Ameritrade’s newsroom 
      or www.amtd.com for 
      more information, or read our stories at Fresh 
      Accounts.
    
TD Ameritrade Investment Management, LLC (“TDAIM”) and its affiliates 
      do not provide tax advice. We suggest you consult with a tax-planning 
      professional with regard to your personal circumstances as to whether 
      the TDAIM tax-loss harvesting feature is appropriate for you. This 
      feature generally would be more beneficial to investors in higher tax 
      brackets and high-tax states.

      The tax-loss harvesting feature is currently only available with the 
      TDAIM ETF-based portfolios in taxable TD Ameritrade Investing Accounts. 
      Tax-loss harvesting is not appropriate for all investors. Investing in 
      securities involves risk of loss that the client should be prepared to 
      bear. TDAIM does not represent or guarantee that the objectives of the 
      tax-loss harvesting feature will be met. The performance of the 
      replacement securities purchased through the TDAIM tax-loss harvesting 
      feature may be better or worse than the performance of the securities 
      that are sold for tax-loss harvesting purposes. TDAIM only reviews each 
      account that is managed by it individually to help ensure that your 
      account does not violate the “wash sale” rule. When you enroll in the 
      tax-loss harvesting feature, the enrollment is on an account basis and 
      does not apply to other TDAIM portfolios you may have. Each eligible 
      TDAIM portfolio must be enrolled separately in the TLH feature. 
      Accordingly, you are responsible for monitoring your brokerage accounts 
      and your spouse’s brokerage accounts at TD Ameritrade or elsewhere to 
      ensure that transactions in the same security or a substantially similar 
      security do not create a wash sale. The wash sale rule postpones losses 
      on a sale, if replacement shares are bought around the same time.
    
      Prior to enrolling in the tax-loss harvesting feature, please read 
      TDAIM’s whitepaper 
      and see the TDAIM Disclosure Brochure (Form ADV Part 2A) http://www.tdameritrade.com/forms/TDA4855.pdf

      Advisory services are provided by TD Ameritrade Investment Management, 
      LLC (“TD Ameritrade Investment Management”), a registered investment 
      advisor. Brokerage services provided by TD Ameritrade, Inc. TD 
      Ameritrade Investment Management provides discretionary advisory 
      services for a fee. Risks applicable to any portfolio are those 
      associated with its underlying securities. For more information, please 
      see the Disclosure Brochure (Form ADV Part 2A) http://www.tdameritrade.com/forms/TDA4855.pdf

      TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark 
      jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto Dominion 
      Bank. © 2017 TD Ameritrade.
    
      Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
    

TD Ameritrade Holding CorporationFor Media:Becky 
      Niiya, 402-574-6652Sr. Manager, Corporate Communicationsrebecca.niiya@tdameritrade.com@TDAmeritradePRorFor 
      Investors:Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464Director, Investor 
      Relationsjeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com
New feature for managed portfolio clients may generate tax benefits.
TD Ameritrade Holding CorporationFor Media:Becky 
      Niiya, 402-574-6652Sr. Manager, Corporate Communicationsrebecca.niiya@tdameritrade.com@TDAmeritradePRorFor 
      Investors:Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464Director, Investor 
      Relationsjeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com
