
First-ever survey of college administrators reveals that growing 
      next-gen talent pipeline means increasing awareness about financial 
      planning as a profession
RIAs: Get Back to School. From TD Ameritrade Institutional's 2017 Financial Planning Program Director Survey (Graphic: Business Wire)JERSEY CITY, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) are largely invisible 
      on campus, which is keeping them from hiring top talent, according to 
      college administrators of undergraduate financial planning programs 
      surveyed on behalf of TD 
      Ameritrade Institutional1. These program directors say 
      resolving the pending RIA talent shortage starts with grassroots 
      awareness efforts aimed at recruiting more students, particularly women 
      and minorities, into the industry.
    
      For the RIA industry's first-ever survey 
      of financial planning program directors, TD Ameritrade reached out to 
      all of the 105 four-year colleges and universities with CFP-Board listed 
      undergraduate financial planning programs in the United States2. 
      The findings were released today at TD Ameritrade's Advocacy Leadership 
      Summit in Washington, D.C., an event that brings together the RIA 
      industry's leading advocates and stakeholders to discuss regulatory and 
      sustainability issues facing RIAs.
    
      According to the 2017 
      Financial Planning Program Directors Survey, 90 percent of schools 
      surveyed that have financial planning programs expect enrollment in 
      these programs to grow over the next five years. Though minorities and 
      women are currently underrepresented in these programs, program 
      directors believe their ranks will increase as well. Currently, just 36 
      percent of financial planning students are women, and even fewer - 31 
      percent - are minorities.
    
      According to reports from the U.S. Census Bureau and the National Center 
      for Education Statistics, women account for 56 percent of college 
      undergraduates3 and 51 percent of the U.S. population4. 
      Minorities comprise 37 percent of undergraduates3 and 23 
      percent of the population4.
    
      "The war for talent starts at the undergraduate level. To win, RIAs need 
      to get out in front of the next generation on campus and make themselves 
      seen," said Kate Healy, managing director, Generation Next, TD 
      Ameritrade Institutional. "If RIAs aren't having conversations about the 
      benefits of their chosen career path, the competition most certainly 
      will."
    
Cultivating Diverse Next Gen Talent

      The lack of RIA visibility and voice on campus can impact the career 
      choices of women and minorities. Program directors say the main reason 
      there are not more women or minorities in financial planning programs is 
      because these groups are less likely to believe the profession is a 
      viable career option.
    
      Those who do enroll find they are in high demand in the job market. The 
      survey found that despite their lower rates of enrollment, women and 
      minorities receive job offers upon college graduation at slightly higher 
      rates than the overall population of financial planning graduates.
    
      The program directors reported that for women, the perception that 
      financial planning only involves commissions and commissions-based 
      salaries is a key deterrent. For minority students, the absence of 
      minorities among industry leadership sends a strong signal that the 
      profession is not open to them.
    
      RIAs can begin to change these perceptions by connecting with the next 
      generation in ways that resonate with their priorities, said Healy.
    
      Though making money is a top priority for all students, the survey found 
      that the number one reason women and minorities study financial planning 
      is to help others reach financial goals. Program directors reported that 
      work/life balance is also very important to women, and minorities are 
      drawn to the appeal of starting and owning a business someday.
    
      "To change the face of the next generation of planners, RIAs need to 
      start a dialogue," said Healy. "I'm convinced that the more students 
      hear from advisors they can relate to, and learn more about the career 
      opportunities offered by independent RIA firms, the more they'll be 
      attracted to the profession."
    
Bringing the RIA Channel to Life

      Though the RIA channel is discussed within the context of the financial 
      planning curriculum, program directors say that independent advisors can 
      help their cause by increasing their engagement with students.
    
      The most effective thing RIAs can do to increase awareness and build 
      their talent pipeline is hire more interns, program directors say. More 
      RIAs should participate in on-campus career days and become guest 
      lecturers, or even adjunct professors.
    
      Seventy percent of programs surveyed currently teach students about 
      RIAs, largely by bringing in advisors as guest lecturers and by talking 
      about the independent RIAs as a channel option. Fifty-four percent of 
      the schools have an on-campus student chapter of a trade organization, 
      typically the Financial Planning Association. Close to 80 percent of 
      schools offer networking events for financial planning students.
    
      Many college program directors get involved personally as recruiters, 
      actively encouraging students to consider financial planning careers. 
      More than half of the students in financial planning programs come in as 
      juniors or seniors, most commonly switching out of finance, accounting 
      or economics majors.
    
      Financial planning as an undergraduate degree is still fairly young at 
      most colleges and universities: program directors report that the 
      average age of these programs is 10 years old. The average program has 
      66 students enrolled and six faculty members, which typically includes 
      two women, one minority and two financial advisors. Eighty percent of 
      financial planning programs surveyed are housed in the business school.
    
About the Survey

      The TD Ameritrade Institutional 2017 Financial Planning Program Director 
      Survey is the RIA industry's first-ever survey of financial planning 
      program directors, TD Ameritrade engaged True North to reach out to all 
      of the 105 four-year colleges and universities with undergraduate 
      financial planning programs in the United States according to the CFP 
      Board's list of registered programs. Thirty-seven percent of schools 
      participated in the survey, which was fielded via email and telephone in 
      September 2017. TD Ameritrade and True North are separate and 
      unaffiliated and not responsible for each other’s services and policies.
    
About TD Ameritrade Institutional

TD 
      Ameritrade Institutional is a leading provider of comprehensive 
      brokerage and custody services to more than 6,000 fee-based, independent 
      RIAs and their clients. Our advanced technology platform, coupled with 
      personal support from our dedicated service teams, allows investment 
      advisors to run their practices more efficiently and effectively while 
      optimizing time with clients. TD Ameritrade Institutional is a division 
      of TD Ameritrade, Inc., a brokerage subsidiary of TD Ameritrade Holding 
      Corporation.
    
About TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation

      Millions of investors and independent registered investment advisors 
      turn to TD Ameritrade’s (NASDAQ: AMTD) technology, people and education 
      resources to help make investing and trading easier. Online or over the 
      phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or 
      sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them 
      decide how - bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. 
      TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized as a leader in 
      investment services. Visit our newsroom 
      or amtd.com 
      for more information.
    
      Brokerage services provided by TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA / SIPC
    
1 TD Ameritrade Institutional is a division of TD Ameritrade, 
      Inc., a brokerage subsidiary of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
    
2 CFP Board: Find 
      an Education Program, as of September 2017
    
3 U.S. Department of Education, National 
      Center for Education Statistics, 2016
    
4 U.S. 
      Census Bureau reports, 2016
    
Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation

      TD Ameritrade InstitutionalAlyson Nikulicz, 201-755-4116Communicationsalyson.nikulicz@tdameritrade.com
TD Ameritrade Institutional's new survey reveals what independent RIAs must do to attract financial planning talent on college campuses
      TD Ameritrade InstitutionalAlyson Nikulicz, 201-755-4116Communicationsalyson.nikulicz@tdameritrade.com
