
Retail investors continue a nine month bullish trend
TD Ameritrade October 2017 Investor Movement Index (Graphic: TD Ameritrade)TD Ameritrade October 2017 Investor Movement Index (Graphic: TD Ameritrade)TD Ameritrade's IMX vs. S&P 500 (Graphic: TD Ameritrade)OMAHA, Neb.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The October 2017 Investor Movement Index® recovered from the 
      prior month’s decline to reach a near-record high of 7.40, TD 
      Ameritrade, Inc. (“TD Ameritrade”), a broker-dealer subsidiary of TD 
      Ameritrade Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: AMTD), announced today. The Investor 
      Movement Index, or the IMXSM, is a proprietary, 
      behavior-based index created by TD Ameritrade that aggregates Main 
      Street investor positions and activity to measure what investors have 
      actually done and how they were positioned in the markets.
    
      The October 2017 Investor Movement Index for the four weeks ending 
      October 27, 2017, reveals:
    
      As TD Ameritrade clients were net buyers for a ninth consecutive month, 
      the IMX rose nearly 4 percent from September to reach the second-highest 
      reading in IMX history.
    
      The October period was marked by strong U.S. markets, positive corporate 
      earnings and a strengthening global economy, all of which seemed to 
      influence the retail investor’s bullish behavior. Major market indices 
      posted gains in October, with the Nasdaq Composite and Dow Jones 
      Industrial Average both reaching new milestones- Nasdaq crossed 6,700 
      and Dow crossed 23,000. The S&P 500 had another month of low volatility, 
      and the CBOE Volatility Index (“the VIX”) hovered around a modest 10 for 
      a majority of the period.
    
      “TD Ameritrade clients have continued to be net buyers and seem to be 
      putting their money where they see opportunity,” said JJ Kinahan, chief 
      market strategist at TD Ameritrade. “Retail investors have increased 
      their exposure to Chinese stocks, while taking profits in the energy 
      sector as crude oil hits 52 week highs.”
    
      Technology stocks remained popular in October, as TD Ameritrade clients 
      were net buyers of semiconductor companies Nvidia Inc. (NVDA) and Micron 
      Technology Inc. (MU). Nvidia Inc. (NVDA) continued its upward momentum, 
      reaching all-time highs during the period, while Micron Technology Inc. 
      (MU) reached a 52-week high following an analyst upgrade.
    
      Continuing a trend from last month, TD Ameritrade clients were net 
      buyers of Chinese stocks including Alibaba Group (BABA) and JD.com (JD). 
      Additional popular names bought include General Electric Inc. (GE), Teva 
      Pharmaceuticals Inc. (TEVA), Square Inc. (SQ) and Switch Inc. (SWCH).
    
      Popular names in the oil sector, Exxon Mobil Corp. (XOM) and Chevron 
      Corp. (CVX), reported higher than expected earnings and were net sold by 
      TD Ameritrade clients. Other oil and gas sector sells included BP (BP) 
      and Conoco Phillips Corp. (COP).
    
      TD Ameritrade clients were also net sellers of popular financial stocks 
      including Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS). 
      Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC) was net sold for the fourth consecutive month 
      after missing on earnings, while Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) beat 
      earnings expectations and announced it is expanding its private-equity 
      investment offerings.
    
      Finally, Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) was net sold despite beating earnings 
      expectations and trading above $1,000 per share for the first time ever. 
      Additional names sold include Verizon Communications (VZ) and 
      Bristol-Meyers Squibb (BMY).
    
About the IMX

      The IMX value is calculated based on a complex proprietary formula. Each 
      month, TD Ameritrade pulls a sample from its client base of 7 million 
      funded accounts, which includes all accounts that completed a trade in 
      the past month. The holdings and positions of this statistically 
      significant sample are evaluated to calculate individual scores, and the 
      median of those scores represents the monthly IMX.
    
      For more information on the Investor Movement Index, including 
      historical IMX data going back to December 2010; to view the full report 
      from May 2017; or to sign up for future IMX news alerts, please visit www.tdameritrade.com/IMX. 
      Additionally, TD Ameritrade clients can chart the IMX using the symbol 
      $IMX in either the thinkorswim® or TD Ameritrade Mobile 
      Trader platforms.
    
Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not 
      constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold.

Past performance of a security, strategy, or index is no guarantee of 
      future results or investment success.

Historical data should not be used alone when making investment 
      decisions. Please consult other sources of information and 
      consider your individual financial position and goals before making an 
      independent investment decision.

The IMX is not a tradable index. The IMX should not be used as 
      an indicator or predictor of future client trading volume or financial 
      performance for TD Ameritrade.

      For the latest TD Ameritrade news and information, follow the company on 
      Twitter, @TDAmeritradePR.
    
      Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation
    
About TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation

      Millions of investors and independent registered investment advisors 
      (RIAs) have turned to TD Ameritrade’s (Nasdaq: AMTD) technology, people and education to 
      help make investing and trading easier to understand and do. Online or 
      over the phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or 
      sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them 
      decide how - bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. 
      TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized 
      as a leader in investment services. Please visit TD Ameritrade’s newsroom 
      or www.amtd.com for 
      more information, or read our stories at Fresh 
      Accounts.
    
      Brokerage services provided by TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA (www.FINRA.org)/SIPC (www.SIPC.org).
    
      TD Ameritrade Holding CorporationFor Media:Christina Goethe, 
      201-369-8510Communications & Public Affairschristina.goethe@tdameritrade.com@TDAmeritradePRorFor 
      Investors:Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464Investor Relationsjeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com

      TD Ameritrade Holding CorporationFor Media:Christina Goethe, 
      201-369-8510Communications & Public Affairschristina.goethe@tdameritrade.com@TDAmeritradePRorFor 
      Investors:Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464Investor Relationsjeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com
