Find the best broker for your trading or investing needsTD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (AMTD) saw its rating upgraded to Buy from Hold by Deutsche Bank, which also raised its price target on the stock to $55 from $53 per share. In a research report, Deutsche Bank analyst Brian Badell noted that he is upbeat about TD Ameritrade's position from a strategic perspective, saying that the company is seeing "substantially higher volumes" from its Scottrade acquisition than previously thought.What's more, the analyst said in a note to clients covered by StreetInsider.com that there is less risk from additional trading price cuts and from the Federal Reserve cutting interest rates, which was the case during the Great Recession. The analyst believes that the Omaha, Nebraska-based discount brokerage could deliver earnings per share growth of more than 30% in fiscal 2018.[Start trading with a reliable broker after reading Investopedia's broker reviews.]For its fiscal fourth quarter, which TD Ameritrade reported in late October, the company was able to beat on the EPS and revenue fronts. It posted revenue of $983 million, which was higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $965 million, and EPS of $0.49, also higher than the $0.46 Wall Street estimate. As of the end of October, TD Ameritrade said that clients made an average of 680,000 trades each day, which marks a 55% increase from a year ago and a 19% increase from September. Meanwhile, total client assets hit $1.14 trillion at the end of October, up 49% from last year and 2% from September. The company also said that average spread-based balances increased 31% from last year and 14% from September to $150.9 billion, while the average fee-based balance increased 29% from last October and 5% from September to $217.7 billion.With TD Ameritrade stock currently trading at just under $50 per share, Deutsche Bank's Badell believes that the stock can gain post additional gains of more than 12% over the coming 12 months. The stock is up 6.5% so far in 2017. On top of the bullish outlook for TD Ameritrade, the analyst said that he also raised his rating and price target on the chances of a merger between Ameritrade and E*Trade Financial Corporation (ETFC). Badell said that the scenario is "viable" in 2018 because it would help the stock prices of both companies.In June, E*Trade was given an ultimatum from its board: come up with a clear growth strategy or face the potential of a sale by the end of next year. Since then, the New York-based online brokerage firm has revealed that it is spending $275 million in cash to purchase Trust Company of America as a way to enter the financial advisory market in a bigger way. While E*Trade has said that the purchase does not impede the plans of the board, it has tempered market expectations about a sale.