Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!    TD Ameritrade  Holding Corporation AMTD  ,  online broker  age firm headquartered at Omaha, NE, reported average client trades per day of 680,000 in its activity report for October 2017. The reported figure was up 19% from the prior-month tally and 55% from the year-ago period.       At present, TD Ameritrade sports a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy). You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .    Among other investment brokers, Interactive Brokers Group, Inc.'s IBKR  Electronic Brokerage segment reported a year-over-year increase in Daily Average Revenue Trades (DARTs) for October 2017. Total client DARTs came in at 698,000, up 16% from both October 2016 and September 2017. Also, total customer accounts jumped 24% year over year and 2% from the prior month to 465,000.    The   Charles Schwab  Corporation SCHW  is expected to report its monthly metrics later this week.   Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.    With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.    It's not the one you think.    See This Ticker Free >>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.