

This page was added to your Bookmark.
Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.
Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
Toronto, A6, based Investment company Davis-Rea Ltd. buys Accenture PLC, Wells Fargo during the 3-months ended 2017-09-30, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Davis-Rea Ltd.. As of 2017-09-30, Davis-Rea Ltd. owns 41 stocks with a total value of $168 million. These are the details of the buys and sells.For the details of Davis-Rea Ltd.'s stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Davis-Rea+Ltd.Davis-Rea Ltd. initiated holdings in Accenture PLC. The purchase prices were between $122.94 and $138.16, with an estimated average price of $130.19. The stock is now traded at around $143.50. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.69%. The holdings were 8,565 shares as of 2017-09-30. Davis-Rea Ltd. initiated holdings in Wells Fargo & Co. The purchase prices were between $49.58 and $55.78, with an estimated average price of $53.16. The stock is now traded at around $55.05. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.63%. The holdings were 19,125 shares as of 2017-09-30. Rating:  0.0/5 (0 votes) Select portfolio(s):Why you are interested?
Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.

Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.
Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.GF Chat