
Helme Dicosta 
1 week ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) Amid the topmost stocks in today’s market is Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN). Accenture plc had a market cap of 94.26B, indicating that it has a good hold on the market value of the shares outstanding. The current market cap of Accenture plc exhibits the basic determinant of asset allocation and risk-return parameters for its stocks.The P/E of Accenture plc is currently valued at 26.74 allowing its investors to analyze the company’s stock valuation and its shares relative to the income of the company that it makes. With the constructive P/E value of Accenture plc, the investors are able to forecast the positive earnings growth of the company.The forward P/E of Accenture plc is at 20.33 signifying the uses of estimated net earnings over the next 12 months. Investors will be getting a good grip in comparing the current earnings of the company to estimated future earnings.With its low price-to-sales ratio of 2.56, the company is evidently a better investment since the investors are paying a lower amount for each unit of sales. However, the company sales do not necessarily expose the entire picture, as it might be unprofitable with a low P/S ratio.The price-to-book ratio of 10.03 for Accenture plc (NYSE:ACN) implies that investors are highly hopeful for the organization to create more value from the given set of assets. The market value of the firm’s assets are considerably higher in contrast to their accounting value. The current P/B amount of Accenture plc best indicates the value approach in differentiating good from the bad. The ratio also provides a clue to how much investors are paying for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.The target payout ratio for Accenture plc is currently measuring at 87.10%, outlining what size the company’s dividends should be. It also demonstrates a stable dividend policy for Accenture plc connected to the long-run, with viable earnings.The EPS for Accenture plc is valued at 5.44 with an EPS growth this year at -15.60%. The company’s EPS growth for the following year is valued at 9.10%, indicating an EPS value of 7.20% for the past 5 years, and an EPS value of 9.64% for the coming five years.Accenture plc’s sales for the past 5 years rolls at 4.30%, exhibiting an EPS growth from quarter-to-quarter at -12.00%. The sales growth of the company is 7.50% at the moment, indicating the average sales volume of the company’s products and services that have typically improved year-to-year.Company’s existing stock price is at $145.45 with a change in price of -1.08%. As of now, the target price for the company is measuring at $144.52. Accenture plc’s ROA is rolling at 16.30%, following the ROI of 40.70%. Quick and current ratio is valued at 1.2 and 1.2 respectively.Tags (NYSE:ACN) Accenture plc ACN Information Technology Services NYSE5 mins ago5 mins ago12 mins agoYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  

