An interview withWills ManleyWills Manley is Portfolio Manager of Mitotic Investments, a credit and equity hedge fund in the pre-launch capital raising stage.Unlike the vast majority of professional sports teams, the Atlanta Braves are not owned by a wealthy investor. The MLB team is owned by the Liberty Braves Group (NASDAQ:BATRK), a subsidiary of Liberty Media Corporation. As BATRK is a tracker stock, meaning the security only includes Liberty's ownership of the Atlanta Braves and not the company as a whole, it has not gotten the full attention that it deserves. Like Liberty Media, BATRK is led by media billionaire John Malone. For the 2017 season, the Atlanta Braves are getting a new $700 million dollar stadium coupled with a mixed-use facility retrofitted with thousands of square feet of commercial and private real estate. Wills Manley, portfolio manager at Mitotic Investments, believes the market has not properly valued the team or considered its new facilities, according to his investment idea on SumZero. With a reinvigorated payroll and a new stadium, the Braves are primed to be successful this season. An impressive record could easily increase revenue and possibly spark the interest of a private investor to buy out the team.This is a view of SunTrust Park, future home of the Atlanta Braves baseball team. The stadium will be ready for Opening Day 2017.Schiefelbein: What about the Liberty Braves Group (“BATRK”) initially caught your attention as a value investor?Wills Manley: There are a lot of unique properties that make BATRK difficult to understand: it’s a tracking stock, it has no public peer group, it’s small-cap stock with virtually no analyst coverage, and of course the new ballpark catalyst presents an additional variable. This confluence of unusual factors creates a void of natural owners and consequently a deep value opportunity.Schiefelbein: What is the market missing?Wills Manley: The market is missing three things: the size of the revenue impact of the new ballpark and mixed-use facility, the difference in valuation multiple between Tier 1 and Tier 2 MLB teams, and the ability of the Braves to regain their Tier 1 status through payroll increases.
Schiefelbein: As Liberty cannot sign a new TV deal until 2027, a large portion of the Braves’ revenue will remain stagnant. What other revenue streams will BATRK look to grow?Wills Manley: The new ballpark allows the Braves to grow ticket revenues and sponsorship rights, which are the biggest catalysts that the market fails to appreciate. The mixed-use facility will also make a big impact, as well as the partnership between MLB Advanced Media and Disney.Schiefelbein: With more luxury seating and less total seating capacity, is it possible SunTrust Park will be too pricy for Braves fans?Wills Manley: Certainly for some, but that’s the whole idea behind it. SunTrust will be lower-cost than Turner Field (in both operational and capital expense) but will generate more revenue using a combination of premium pricing, justified by a greatly enhanced fan experience, and a lot of new sponsorship revenue.Schiefelbein: Rob Manfred, Commissioner of Major League Baseball, has hinted at the possibility of expanding the league from 30 to 32 teams. If this happens, do you believe this will affect the Braves’ valuation?Wills Manley: The effect would be negligible unless the team encroached too closely on Atlanta geographically. The worst that could be done is a new team in Orlando, but that is really Tampa Bay’s territory currently.Schiefelbein: As the Braves are in the bottom third of the MLB in team salary, do you foresee that the team will increase spending to become more competitive?Wills Manley: The economics of baseball is all about timing up payroll spending with revenue opportunities. In this case, the big revenue opportunity is the new ballpark and mixed-use facility for the 2017 season. On-field performance suffered in the last couple of years because the team pulled back drastically on payroll. Now that the new ballpark is ready for opening day, projected 2017 payroll is up 41% from 2016. An expensive roster doesn’t always guarantee success in a particular year, but it’s highly correlated over the medium-to-long term. Liberty is strategically deploying payroll to align with the new ballpark revenue opportunities.Schiefelbein: As professional sports teams have only gradually increased annual revenues, do you worry about the market’s excitement for a low-growth stock?