Investors may be interested in viewing the Gross Margin score on shares of The Liberty Braves Group (NasdaqGS:BATR.K). The name currently has a score of 50.00000. This score is derived from the Gross Margin (Marx) stability and growth over the previous eight years. The Gross Margin score lands on a scale from 1 to 100 where a score of 1 would be considered positive, and a score of 100 would be seen as negative.  The low score of 50.00000 for The Liberty Braves Group indicates a top score for stability and growth.The Piotroski F-Score is a scoring system between 1-9 that determines a firm’s financial strength.  The score helps determine if a company’s stock is valuable or not.  The Piotroski F-Score of The Liberty Braves Group (NasdaqGS:BATR.K) is 2.  A score of nine indicates a high value stock, while a score of one indicates a low value stock.  The score is calculated by the return on assets (ROA), Cash flow return on assets (CFROA), change in return of assets, and quality of earnings.  It is also calculated by a change in gearing or leverage, liquidity, and change in shares in issue.  The score is also determined by change in gross margin and change in asset turnover.Turning to valuation, The Liberty Braves Group (NasdaqGS:BATR.K) has a Value Composite score of 71. Developed by James O’Shaughnessy, the VC score uses five valuation ratios. These ratios are price to earnings, price to cash flow, EBITDA to EV, price to book value, and price to sales. The VC is displayed as a number between 1 and 100. In general, a company with a score closer to 0 would be seen as undervalued, and a score closer to 100 would indicate an overvalued company. Adding a sixth ratio, shareholder yield, we can view the Value Composite 2 score which is currently sitting at 69.At the time of writing, The Liberty Braves Group (NasdaqGS:BATR.K) has a Piotroski F-Score of 2. The F-Score may help discover companies with strengthening balance sheets. The score may also be used to spot the weak performers. Joseph Piotroski developed the F-Score which employs nine different variables based on the company financial statement. A single point is assigned to each test that a stock passes. Typically, a stock scoring an 8 or 9 would be seen as strong. On the other end, a stock with a score from 0-2 would be viewed as weak.The Liberty Braves Group (NasdaqGS:BATR.K) has a current ERP5 Rank of 18483 . The ERP5 Rank may assist investors with spotting companies that are undervalued. This ranking uses four ratios. These ratios are Earnings Yield, ROIC, Price to Book, and 5 year average ROIC. When looking at the ERP5 ranking, it is generally considered the lower the value, the better.Shifting gears, we can see that The Liberty Braves Group (NasdaqGS:BATR.K) has a Q.i. Value of 75.00000. The Q.i. Value ranks companies using four ratios. These ratios consist of EBITDA Yield, FCF Yield, Liquidity, and Earnings Yield. The purpose of the Q.i. Value is to help identify companies that are the most undervalued. Typically, the lower the value, the more undervalued the company tends to be.PI & VolatilityStock volatility is a percentage that indicates whether a stock is a desirable purchase.  Investors look at the Volatility 12m to determine if a company has a low volatility percentage or not over the course of a year.  The Volatility 12m of The Liberty Braves Group (NasdaqGS:BATR.K) is 25.348500.  This is calculated by taking weekly log normal returns and standard deviation of the share price over one year annualized.  The lower the number, a company is thought to have low volatility.  The Volatility 3m is a similar percentage determined by the daily log normal returns and standard deviation of the share price over 3 months.  The Volatility 3m of The Liberty Braves Group (NasdaqGS:BATR.K) is 21.026000.  The Volatility 6m is the same, except measured over the course of six months.  The Volatility 6m is 21.441800.We can now take a quick look at some historical stock price index data. The Liberty Braves Group (NasdaqGS:BATR.K) presently has a 10 month price index of 1.07386. The price index is calculated by dividing the current share price by the share price ten months ago. A ratio over one indicates an increase in share price over the period. A ratio lower than one shows that the price has decreased over that time period. Looking at some alternate time periods, the 12 month price index is 1.11340, the 24 month is 1.18495, and the 36 month is 1.18495. Narrowing in a bit closer, the 5 month price index is 0.94975, the 3 month is 0.95777, and the 1 month is currently 0.92045.    

