
Opdivo is the first anti-PD-1 agent to show a three-year survival 
      benefit in advanced RCC, reducing the risk of death by 26% versus 
      everolimus in the phase 3 CheckMate -025 study
PRINCETON, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bristol-Myers 
      Squibb Company (NYSE:BMY) announced today a three-year overall 
      survival (OS) update from its phase 3 CheckMate -025 study, evaluating 
      patients treated with Opdivo (nivolumab) versus everolimus in 
      previously treated advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC). These data are 
      the first of any anti-PD-1 agent to demonstrate durable survival at 
      three years in previously treated RCC. No new safety signals were 
      identified and the data showed a safety profile consistent with two-year 
      results. Findings from CheckMate -025 were presented on November 4 
      during the 16th International Kidney Cancer Symposium (KCS) 
      in Miami, Florida.
    
      The median OS, the primary endpoint in this study, for Opdivo was 
      25.8 months compared to 19.7 months with everolimus (HR 0.74; 95.45% CI: 
      0.63 to 0.88; p: 0.0005). The three-year OS rate was 39% for Opdivo 
      and 30% for everolimus. The safety profile of Opdivo was 
      consistent with that of previous reports.
    
      “The updated results of CheckMate -025 reinforce the overall survival 
      benefit and safety profile of Opdivo and provide further support 
      for this therapeutic option as a standard of care for patients with 
      previously treated advanced renal cell carcinoma,” said Padmanee Sharma, 
      M.D., PhD., scientific director, Immunotherapy Platform, MD Anderson 
      Cancer Center.
    
      At 36 months, Opdivo demonstrated an objective response rate 
      (ORR), a secondary endpoint, of 26% compared to 5% with everolimus (95% 
      CI: 3.82 to 10.06), and the median durations of response for Opdivo and 
      everolimus were 12.3 (95% CI: 9.1 to 18.2) and 12 months (95% CI: 6.4 to 
      21.7), respectively. Median progression-free survival (PFS), another 
      secondary endpoint, was 4.2 months for Opdivo and 4.5 months for 
      everolimus (HR 0.85; 95% CI: 0.73 to 0.99; p: 0.0371).
    
      “The CheckMate -025 data reinforce Opdivo as the standard of care in 
      previously treated renal cell carcinoma, with the three-year data 
      demonstrating a continued survival benefit with a greater than six-month 
      improvement over everolimus,” said Arvin Yang, M.D., Ph.D., development 
      lead, melanoma and genitourinary cancers, Bristol-Myers Squibb. 
      “Building on the unprecedented two-year overall survival data from this 
      trial, these are the first three-year overall survival for an anti-PD-1 
      agent in advanced RCC, showcasing our ongoing commitment to improving 
      survival rates for people living with the most common type of kidney 
      cancer in adults worldwide.”
    
About CheckMate -025

      CheckMate -025 is an open-label, randomized phase 3 study of Opdivo 
      versus everolimus in patients with previously treated advanced renal 
      cell carcinoma (RCC) after prior anti-angiogenic therapy. Patients 
      (N=803) received either Opdivo (N=406) 3 mg/kg intravenously (IV) 
      every two weeks or everolimus (N=397) 10 mg orally once daily until 
      disease progression or unacceptable toxicity. The primary endpoint of 
      the study was overall survival (OS). Secondary endpoints included 
      objective response rate (ORR), progression-free survival (PFS), quality 
      of life (QoL) and safety. Patient-reported QoL was measured using the 
      kidney-specific, Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy–Kidney Symptom 
      Index–Disease Related Symptoms (FKSI-DRS) scale, and European Quality of 
      Life (EuroQol)-5 Dimensions (EQ-5D) questionnaire.
    
      With a minimum of three years of follow-up, the incidence and type of 
      treatment-related adverse events (AEs) were consistent with the primary 
      analysis. Treatment-related grade 3/4 AEs were experienced by 21% of 
      patients in the Opdivo group and 37% in the everolimus group. 
      Treatment-related grade AEs leading to discontinuation were experienced 
      by 8% of patients in the Opdivo group and 13% in the everolimus 
      group. The most common grade 3/4 AEs in the Opdivo arm were 
      hepatic (3%) and GI (2%). In the everolimus arm, the most common 
      grade 3/4 AEs were pulmonary (3%), GI (2%), and skin (1%). There were no 
      treatment-related deaths reported in the Opdivo group and two 
      treatment-related deaths reported in the everolimus arm at three years.
    
About Renal Cell Carcinoma

      Renal cell carcinoma (RCC) is the most common type of kidney cancer in 
      adults, accounting for more than 100,000 deaths worldwide each year. 
      Clear-cell RCC is the most prevalent type of RCC and constitutes 80% to 
      90% of all patients. RCC is approximately twice as common in men as in 
      women, with the highest rates of the disease in North America and 
      Europe. Globally, the five-year survival rate for those diagnosed with 
      metastatic, or advanced, kidney cancer is 12.1%.
    
Bristol-Myers Squibb & Immuno-Oncology: 
      Advancing Oncology Research

      At Bristol-Myers Squibb, patients are at the center of everything we do. 
      Our vision for the future of cancer care is focused on researching and 
      developing transformational Immuno-Oncology (I-O) medicines for 
      hard-to-treat cancers that could potentially improve outcomes for these 
      patients.
    
      We are leading the scientific understanding of I-O through our extensive 
      portfolio of investigational compounds and approved agents. Our 
      differentiated clinical development program is studying broad patient 
      populations across more than 50 types of cancers with 14 clinical-stage 
      molecules designed to target different immune system pathways. Our deep 
      expertise and innovative clinical trial designs position us to advance 
      I-O/I-O, I-O/chemotherapy, I-O/targeted therapies and I-O radiation 
      therapies across multiple tumors and potentially deliver the next wave 
      of therapies with a sense of urgency. We also continue to pioneer 
      research that will help facilitate a deeper understanding of the role of 
      immune biomarkers and how patients’ tumor biology can be used as a guide 
      for treatment decisions throughout their journey.
    
      We understand making the promise of I-O a reality for the many patients 
      who may benefit from these therapies requires not only innovation on our 
      part but also close collaboration with leading experts in the field. Our 
      partnerships with academia, government, advocacy and biotech companies 
      support our collective goal of providing new treatment options to 
      advance the standards of clinical practice.
    
About Opdivo

Opdivo is a programmed death-1 (PD-1) immune checkpoint inhibitor 
      that is designed to uniquely harness the body’s own immune system to 
      help restore anti-tumor immune response. By harnessing the body’s own 
      immune system to fight cancer, Opdivo has become an important 
      treatment option across multiple cancers.
    
Opdivo’s leading global development program is based on 
      Bristol-Myers Squibb’s scientific expertise in the field of 
      Immuno-Oncology and includes a broad range of clinical trials across all 
      phases, including phase 3, in a variety of tumor types. To date, the Opdivo 
      clinical development program has enrolled more than 25,000 patients. The Opdivo 
      trials have contributed to gaining a deeper understanding of the 
      potential role of biomarkers in patient care, particularly regarding how 
      patients may benefit from Opdivo across the continuum of PD-L1 
      expression.
    
      In July 2014, Opdivo was the first PD-1 immune checkpoint 
      inhibitor to receive regulatory approval anywhere in the world. Opdivo 
      is currently approved in more than 60 countries, including the United 
      States, the European Union and Japan. In October 2015, the company’s Opdivo 
      and Yervoy combination regimen was the first Immuno-Oncology 
      combination to receive regulatory approval for the treatment of 
      metastatic melanoma and is currently approved in more than 50 countries, 
      including the United States and the European Union.
    
U.S. FDA-APPROVED INDICATIONS FOR OPDIVO®

      OPDIVO® (nivolumab) as a single agent is indicated for the 
      treatment of patients with BRAF V600 mutation-positive unresectable or 
      metastatic melanoma. This indication is approved under accelerated 
      approval based on progression-free survival. Continued approval for this 
      indication may be contingent upon verification and description of 
      clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials.
    
      OPDIVO® (nivolumab) as a single agent is indicated for the 
      treatment of patients with BRAF V600 wild-type unresectable or 
      metastatic melanoma.
    
      OPDIVO® (nivolumab), in combination with YERVOY® 
      (ipilimumab), is indicated for the treatment of patients with 
      unresectable or metastatic melanoma. This indication is approved under 
      accelerated approval based on progression-free survival. Continued 
      approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and 
      description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials.
    
      OPDIVO® (nivolumab) is indicated for the treatment of 
      patients with metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) with 
      progression on or after platinum-based chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR 
      or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on 
      FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving OPDIVO.
    
      OPDIVO® (nivolumab) is indicated for the treatment of 
      patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) who have received 
      prior anti-angiogenic therapy.
    
      OPDIVO® (nivolumab) is indicated for the treatment of adult 
      patients with classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL) that has relapsed or 
      progressed after autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation 
      (HSCT) and brentuximab vedotin or after 3 or more lines of systemic 
      therapy that includes autologous HSCT. This indication is approved under 
      accelerated approval based on overall response rate. Continued approval 
      for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description 
      of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.
    
      OPDIVO® (nivolumab) is indicated for the treatment of 
      patients with recurrent or metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the 
      head and neck (SCCHN) with disease progression on or after 
      platinum-based therapy.
    
      OPDIVO® (nivolumab) is indicated for the treatment of 
      patients with locally advanced or metastatic urothelial carcinoma who 
      have disease progression during or following platinum-containing 
      chemotherapy or have disease progression within 12 months of neoadjuvant 
      or adjuvant treatment with platinum-containing chemotherapy. This 
      indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor 
      response rate and duration of response. Continued approval for this 
      indication may be contingent upon verification and description of 
      clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.
    
      OPDIVO® (nivolumab) is indicated for the treatment of adult 
      and pediatric (12 years and older) patients with microsatellite 
      instability high (MSI-H) or mismatch repair deficient (dMMR) metastatic 
      colorectal cancer (CRC) that has progressed following treatment with a 
      fluoropyrimidine, oxaliplatin, and irinotecan. This indication is 
      approved under accelerated approval based on overall response rate and 
      duration of response. Continued approval for this indication may be 
      contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in 
      confirmatory trials.
    
      OPDIVO® (nivolumab) is indicated for the treatment of 
      patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) who have been previously 
      treated with sorafenib. This indication is approved under accelerated 
      approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. 
      Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon 
      verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory 
      trials.
    
IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION

WARNING: IMMUNE-MEDIATED ADVERSE REACTIONS

YERVOY can result in severe and fatal immune-mediated adverse 
      reactions. These immune-mediated reactions may involve any organ system; 
      however, the most common severe immune-mediated adverse reactions are 
      enterocolitis, hepatitis, dermatitis (including toxic epidermal 
      necrolysis), neuropathy, and endocrinopathy. The majority of these 
      immune-mediated reactions initially manifested during treatment; 
      however, a minority occurred weeks to months after discontinuation of 
      YERVOY.

Assess patients for signs and symptoms of enterocolitis, dermatitis, 
      neuropathy, and endocrinopathy and evaluate clinical chemistries 
      including liver function tests (LFTs), adrenocorticotropic hormone 
      (ACTH) level, and thyroid function tests at baseline and before each 
      dose.

Permanently discontinue YERVOY and initiate systemic high-dose 
      corticosteroid therapy for severe immune-mediated reactions.

Immune-Mediated Pneumonitis

      OPDIVO can cause immune-mediated pneumonitis. Fatal cases have been 
      reported. Monitor patients for signs with radiographic imaging and for 
      symptoms of pneumonitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or more 
      severe pneumonitis. Permanently discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 and 
      withhold until resolution for Grade 2. In patients receiving OPDIVO 
      monotherapy, fatal cases of immune-mediated pneumonitis have occurred. 
      Immune-mediated pneumonitis occurred in 3.1% (61/1994) of patients. In 
      patients receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, immune-mediated pneumonitis 
      occurred in 6% (25/407) of patients.
    
      In Checkmate 205 and 039, pneumonitis, including interstitial lung 
      disease, occurred in 6.0% (16/266) of patients receiving OPDIVO. 
      Immune-mediated pneumonitis occurred in 4.9% (13/266) of patients 
      receiving OPDIVO: Grade 3 (n=1) and Grade 2 (n=12).
    
Immune-Mediated Colitis

      OPDIVO can cause immune-mediated colitis. Monitor patients for signs and 
      symptoms of colitis. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 (of more 
      than 5 days duration), 3, or 4 colitis. Withhold OPDIVO monotherapy for 
      Grade 2 or 3 and permanently discontinue for Grade 4 or recurrent 
      colitis upon re-initiation of OPDIVO. When administered with YERVOY, 
      withhold OPDIVO and YERVOY for Grade 2 and permanently discontinue for 
      Grade 3 or 4 or recurrent colitis. In patients receiving OPDIVO 
      monotherapy, immune-mediated colitis occurred in 2.9% (58/1994) of 
      patients. In patients receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, immune-mediated 
      colitis occurred in 26% (107/407) of patients including three fatal 
      cases.
    
      In a separate Phase 3 study of YERVOY 3 mg/kg, severe, life-threatening, 
      or fatal (diarrhea of ≥7 stools above baseline, fever, ileus, peritoneal 
      signs; Grade 3-5) immune-mediated enterocolitis occurred in 34 (7%) 
      patients. Across all YERVOY-treated patients in that study (n=511), 5 
      (1%) developed intestinal perforation, 4 (0.8%) died as a result of 
      complications, and 26 (5%) were hospitalized for severe enterocolitis.
    
Immune-Mediated Hepatitis

      OPDIVO can cause immune-mediated hepatitis. Monitor patients for 
      abnormal liver tests prior to and periodically during treatment. 
      Administer corticosteroids for Grade 2 or greater transaminase 
      elevations. For patients without HCC, withhold OPDIVO for Grade 2 and 
      permanently discontinue OPDIVO for Grade 3 or 4. For patients with HCC, 
      withhold OPDIVO and administer corticosteroids if AST/ALT is within 
      normal limits at baseline and increases to >3 and up to 5 times the 
      upper limit of normal (ULN), if AST/ALT is >1 and up to 3 times ULN at 
      baseline and increases to >5 and up to 10 times the ULN, and if AST/ALT 
      is >3 and up to 5 times ULN at baseline and increases to >8 and up to 10 
      times the ULN. Permanently discontinue OPDIVO and administer 
      corticosteroids if AST or ALT increases to >10 times the ULN or total 
      bilirubin increases >3 times the ULN. In patients receiving OPDIVO 
      monotherapy, immune-mediated hepatitis occurred in 1.8% (35/1994) of 
      patients. In patients receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, immune-mediated 
      hepatitis occurred in 13% (51/407) of patients.
    
      In Checkmate 040, immune-mediated hepatitis requiring systemic 
      corticosteroids occurred in 5% (8/154) of patients receiving OPDIVO.
    
      In a separate Phase 3 study of YERVOY 3 mg/kg, severe, life-threatening, 
      or fatal hepatotoxicity (AST or ALT elevations >5x the ULN or total 
      bilirubin elevations >3x the ULN; Grade 3-5) occurred in 8 (2%) patients, 
      with fatal hepatic failure in 0.2% and hospitalization in 0.4%.
    
Immune-Mediated Neuropathies

      In a separate Phase 3 study of YERVOY 3 mg/kg, 1 case of fatal 
      Guillain-Barré syndrome and 1 case of severe (Grade 3) peripheral motor 
      neuropathy were reported.
    
Immune-Mediated Endocrinopathies

      OPDIVO can cause immune-mediated hypophysitis, immune-mediated adrenal 
      insufficiency, autoimmune thyroid disorders, and Type 1 diabetes 
      mellitus. Monitor patients for signs and symptoms of hypophysitis, signs 
      and symptoms of adrenal insufficiency, thyroid function prior to and 
      periodically during treatment, and hyperglycemia. Administer hormone 
      replacement as clinically indicated and corticosteroids for Grade 2 or 
      greater hypophysitis. Withhold for Grade 2 or 3 and permanently 
      discontinue for Grade 4 hypophysitis. Administer corticosteroids for 
      Grade 3 or 4 adrenal insufficiency. Withhold for Grade 2 and permanently 
      discontinue for Grade 3 or 4 adrenal insufficiency. Administer 
      hormone-replacement therapy for hypothyroidism. Initiate medical 
      management for control of hyperthyroidism. Withhold OPDIVO for Grade 3 
      and permanently discontinue for Grade 4 hyperglycemia.
    
      In patients receiving OPDIVO monotherapy, hypophysitis occurred in 0.6% 
      (12/1994) of patients. In patients receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, 
      hypophysitis occurred in 9% (36/407) of patients. In patients receiving 
      OPDIVO monotherapy, adrenal insufficiency occurred in 1% (20/1994) of 
      patients. In patients receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, adrenal 
      insufficiency occurred in 5% (21/407) of patients. In patients receiving 
      OPDIVO monotherapy, hypothyroidism or thyroiditis resulting in 
      hypothyroidism occurred in 9% (171/1994) of patients. Hyperthyroidism 
      occurred in 2.7% (54/1994) of patients receiving OPDIVO monotherapy. In 
      patients receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, hypothyroidism or thyroiditis 
      resulting in hypothyroidism occurred in 22% (89/407) of patients. 
      Hyperthyroidism occurred in 8% (34/407) of patients receiving OPDIVO 
      with YERVOY. In patients receiving OPDIVO monotherapy, diabetes occurred 
      in 0.9% (17/1994) of patients. In patients receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, 
      diabetes occurred in 1.5% (6/407) of patients.
    
      In a separate Phase 3 study of YERVOY 3 mg/kg, severe to 
      life-threatening immune-mediated endocrinopathies (requiring 
      hospitalization, urgent medical intervention, or interfering with 
      activities of daily living; Grade 3-4) occurred in 9 (1.8%) patients. 
      All 9 patients had hypopituitarism, and some had additional concomitant 
      endocrinopathies such as adrenal insufficiency, hypogonadism, and 
      hypothyroidism. 6 of the 9 patients were hospitalized for severe 
      endocrinopathies.
    
Immune-Mediated Nephritis and Renal Dysfunction

      OPDIVO can cause immune-mediated nephritis. Monitor patients for 
      elevated serum creatinine prior to and periodically during treatment. 
      Administer corticosteroids for Grades 2-4 increased serum creatinine. 
      Withhold OPDIVO for Grade 2 or 3 and permanently discontinue for Grade 4 
      increased serum creatinine. In patients receiving OPDIVO monotherapy, 
      immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction occurred in 1.2% 
      (23/1994) of patients. In patients receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, 
      immune-mediated nephritis and renal dysfunction occurred in 2.2% (9/407) 
      of patients.
    
Immune-Mediated Skin Adverse Reactions and Dermatitis

      OPDIVO can cause immune-mediated rash, including Stevens-Johnson 
      syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN), some cases with 
      fatal outcome. Administer corticosteroids for Grade 3 or 4 rash. 
      Withhold for Grade 3 and permanently discontinue for Grade 4 rash. For 
      symptoms or signs of SJS or TEN, withhold OPDIVO and refer the patient 
      for specialized care for assessment and treatment; if confirmed, 
      permanently discontinue. In patients receiving OPDIVO monotherapy, 
      immune-mediated rash occurred in 9% (171/1994) of patients. In patients 
      receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, immune-mediated rash occurred in 22.6% 
      (92/407) of patients.
    
      In a separate Phase 3 study of YERVOY 3 mg/kg, severe, life-threatening, 
      or fatal immune-mediated dermatitis (eg, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, toxic 
      epidermal necrolysis, or rash complicated by full thickness dermal 
      ulceration, or necrotic, bullous, or hemorrhagic manifestations; Grade 
      3-5) occurred in 13 (2.5%) patients. 1 (0.2%) patient died as a result 
      of toxic epidermal necrolysis. 1 additional patient required 
      hospitalization for severe dermatitis.
    
Immune-Mediated Encephalitis

      OPDIVO can cause immune-mediated encephalitis. Evaluation of patients 
      with neurologic symptoms may include, but not be limited to, 
      consultation with a neurologist, brain MRI, and lumbar puncture. 
      Withhold OPDIVO in patients with new-onset moderate to severe neurologic 
      signs or symptoms and evaluate to rule out other causes. If other 
      etiologies are ruled out, administer corticosteroids and permanently 
      discontinue OPDIVO for immune-mediated encephalitis. In patients 
      receiving OPDIVO monotherapy, encephalitis occurred in 0.2% (3/1994) of 
      patients. Fatal limbic encephalitis occurred in one patient after 7.2 
      months of exposure despite discontinuation of OPDIVO and administration 
      of corticosteroids. Encephalitis occurred in one patient receiving 
      OPDIVO with YERVOY (0.2%) after 1.7 months of exposure.
    
Other Immune-Mediated Adverse Reactions

      Based on the severity of the adverse reaction, permanently discontinue 
      or withhold OPDIVO, administer high-dose corticosteroids, and, if 
      appropriate, initiate hormone-replacement therapy. Across clinical 
      trials of OPDIVO monotherapy or in combination with YERVOY, the 
      following clinically significant immune-mediated adverse reactions, some 
      with fatal outcome, occurred in <1.0% of patients receiving OPDIVO: 
      myocarditis, rhabdomyolysis, myositis, uveitis, iritis, pancreatitis, 
      facial and abducens nerve paresis, demyelination, polymyalgia 
      rheumatica, autoimmune neuropathy, Guillain-Barré syndrome, 
      hypopituitarism, systemic inflammatory response syndrome, gastritis, 
      duodenitis, sarcoidosis, histiocytic necrotizing lymphadenitis (Kikuchi 
      lymphadenitis), motor dysfunction, vasculitis, and myasthenic syndrome.
    
Infusion Reactions

      OPDIVO can cause severe infusion reactions, which have been reported in 
      <1.0% of patients in clinical trials. Discontinue OPDIVO in patients 
      with Grade 3 or 4 infusion reactions. Interrupt or slow the rate of 
      infusion in patients with Grade 1 or 2. In patients receiving OPDIVO 
      monotherapy, infusion-related reactions occurred in 6.4% (127/1994) of 
      patients. In patients receiving OPDIVO with YERVOY, infusion-related 
      reactions occurred in 2.5% (10/407) of patients.
    
Complications of Allogeneic HSCT after OPDIVO

      Complications, including fatal events, occurred in patients who received 
      allogeneic HSCT after OPDIVO. Outcomes were evaluated in 17 patients 
      from Checkmate 205 and 039, who underwent allogeneic HSCT after 
      discontinuing OPDIVO (15 with reduced-intensity conditioning, 2 with 
      myeloablative conditioning). Thirty-five percent (6/17) of patients died 
      from complications of allogeneic HSCT after OPDIVO. Five deaths occurred 
      in the setting of severe or refractory GVHD. Grade 3 or higher acute 
      GVHD was reported in 29% (5/17) of patients. Hyperacute GVHD was 
      reported in 20% (n=2) of patients. A steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, 
      without an identified infectious cause, was reported in 35% (n=6) of 
      patients. Two cases of encephalitis were reported: Grade 3 (n=1) 
      lymphocytic encephalitis without an identified infectious cause, and 
      Grade 3 (n=1) suspected viral encephalitis. Hepatic veno-occlusive 
      disease (VOD) occurred in one patient, who received reduced-intensity 
      conditioned allogeneic HSCT and died of GVHD and multi-organ failure. 
      Other cases of hepatic VOD after reduced-intensity conditioned 
      allogeneic HSCT have also been reported in patients with lymphoma who 
      received a PD-1 receptor blocking antibody before transplantation. Cases 
      of fatal hyperacute GVHD have also been reported. These complications 
      may occur despite intervening therapy between PD-1 blockade and 
      allogeneic HSCT.
    
      Follow patients closely for early evidence of transplant-related 
      complications such as hyperacute GVHD, severe (Grade 3 to 4) acute GVHD, 
      steroid-requiring febrile syndrome, hepatic VOD, and other 
      immune-mediated adverse reactions, and intervene promptly.
    
Embryo-Fetal Toxicity

      Based on their mechanisms of action, OPDIVO and YERVOY can cause fetal 
      harm when administered to a pregnant woman. Advise pregnant women of the 
      potential risk to a fetus. Advise females of reproductive potential to 
      use effective contraception during treatment with an OPDIVO- or YERVOY- 
      containing regimen and for at least 5 months after the last dose of 
      OPDIVO.
    
Lactation

      It is not known whether OPDIVO or YERVOY is present in human milk. 
      Because many drugs, including antibodies, are excreted in human milk and 
      because of the potential for serious adverse reactions in nursing 
      infants from an OPDIVO-containing regimen, advise women to discontinue 
      breastfeeding during treatment. Advise women to discontinue nursing 
      during treatment with YERVOY and for 3 months following the final dose.
    
Serious Adverse Reactions

      In Checkmate 037, serious adverse reactions occurred in 41% of patients 
      receiving OPDIVO (n=268). Grade 3 and 4 adverse reactions occurred in 
      42% of patients receiving OPDIVO . The most frequent Grade 3 and 4 
      adverse drug reactions reported in 2% to <5% of patients receiving 
      OPDIVO were abdominal pain, hyponatremia, increased aspartate 
      aminotransferase, and increased lipase. In Checkmate 066, serious 
      adverse reactions occurred in 36% of patients receiving OPDIVO (n=206). 
      Grade 3 and 4 adverse reactions occurred in 41% of patients receiving 
      OPDIVO. The most frequent Grade 3 and 4 adverse reactions reported in 
      ≥2% of patients receiving OPDIVO were gamma-glutamyltransferase increase 
      (3.9%) and diarrhea (3.4%). In Checkmate 067, serious adverse reactions 
      (73% and 37%), adverse reactions leading to permanent discontinuation 
      (43% and 14%) or to dosing delays (55% and 28%), and Grade 3 or 4 
      adverse reactions (72% and 44%) all occurred more frequently in the 
      OPDIVO plus YERVOY arm (n=313) relative to the OPDIVO arm (n=313). The 
      most frequent (≥10%) serious adverse reactions in the OPDIVO plus YERVOY 
      arm and the OPDIVO arm, respectively, were diarrhea (13% and 2.6%), 
      colitis (10% and 1.6%), and pyrexia (10% and 0.6%). In Checkmate 017 and 
      057, serious adverse reactions occurred in 46% of patients receiving 
      OPDIVO (n=418). The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in 
      at least 2% of patients receiving OPDIVO were pneumonia, pulmonary 
      embolism, dyspnea, pyrexia, pleural effusion, pneumonitis, and 
      respiratory failure. In Checkmate 025, serious adverse reactions 
      occurred in 47% of patients receiving OPDIVO (n=406). The most frequent 
      serious adverse reactions reported in ≥2% of patients were acute kidney 
      injury, pleural effusion, pneumonia, diarrhea, and hypercalcemia. In 
      Checkmate 205 and 039, adverse reactions leading to discontinuation 
      occurred in 7% and dose delays due to adverse reactions occurred in 34% 
      of patients (n=266). Serious adverse reactions occurred in 26% of 
      patients. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported in ≥1% of 
      patients were pneumonia, infusion-related reaction, pyrexia, colitis or 
      diarrhea, pleural effusion, pneumonitis, and rash. Eleven patients died 
      from causes other than disease progression: 3 from adverse reactions 
      within 30 days of the last OPDIVO dose, 2 from infection 8 to 9 months 
      after completing OPDIVO, and 6 from complications of allogeneic HSCT. In 
      Checkmate 141, serious adverse reactions occurred in 49% of patients 
      receiving OPDIVO. The most frequent serious adverse reactions reported 
      in at least 2% of patients receiving OPDIVO were pneumonia, dyspnea, 
      respiratory failure, respiratory tract infection, and sepsis. In 
      Checkmate 275, serious adverse reactions occurred in 54% of patients 
      receiving OPDIVO (n=270). The most frequent serious adverse reactions 
      reported in at least 2% of patients receiving OPDIVO were urinary tract 
      infection, sepsis, diarrhea, small intestine obstruction, and general 
      physical health deterioration. In Checkmate 040, serious adverse 
      reactions occurred in 49% of patients (n=154). The most frequent serious 
      adverse reactions reported in at least 2% of patients were pyrexia, 
      ascites, back pain, general physical health deterioration, abdominal 
      pain, and pneumonia.
    
Common Adverse Reactions

      In Checkmate 037, the most common adverse reaction (≥20%) reported with 
      OPDIVO (n=268) was rash (21%). In Checkmate 066, the most common adverse 
      reactions (≥20%) reported with OPDIVO (n=206) vs dacarbazine (n=205) 
      were fatigue (49% vs 39%), musculoskeletal pain (32% vs 25%), rash (28% 
      vs 12%), and pruritus (23% vs 12%). In Checkmate 067, the most common 
      (≥20%) adverse reactions in the OPDIVO plus YERVOY arm (n=313) were 
      fatigue (59%), rash (53%), diarrhea (52%), nausea (40%), pyrexia (37%), 
      vomiting (28%), and dyspnea (20%). The most common (≥20%) adverse 
      reactions in the OPDIVO (n=313) arm were fatigue (53%), rash (40%), 
      diarrhea (31%), and nausea (28%). In Checkmate 017 and 057, the most 
      common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients receiving OPDIVO (n=418) 
      were fatigue, musculoskeletal pain, cough, dyspnea, and decreased 
      appetite. In Checkmate 025, the most common adverse reactions (≥20%) 
      reported in patients receiving OPDIVO (n=406) vs everolimus (n=397) were 
      asthenic conditions (56% vs 57%), cough (34% vs 38%), nausea (28% vs 
      29%), rash (28% vs 36%), dyspnea (27% vs 31%), diarrhea (25% vs 32%), 
      constipation (23% vs 18%), decreased appetite (23% vs 30%), back pain 
      (21% vs 16%), and arthralgia (20% vs 14%). In Checkmate 205 and 039, the 
      most common adverse reactions (≥20%) reported in patients receiving 
      OPDIVO (n=266) were upper respiratory tract infection (44%), fatigue 
      (39%), cough (36%), diarrhea (33%), pyrexia (29%), musculoskeletal pain 
      (26%), rash (24%), nausea (20%) and pruritus (20%). In Checkmate 141, 
      the most common adverse reactions (≥10%) in patients receiving OPDIVO 
      were cough and dyspnea at a higher incidence than investigator’s choice. 
      In Checkmate 275, the most common adverse reactions (≥ 20%) reported in 
      patients receiving OPDIVO (n=270) were fatigue (46%), musculoskeletal 
      pain (30%), nausea (22%), and decreased appetite (22%).. In Checkmate 
      040, the most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in patients receiving 
      OPDIVO (n=154) were fatigue (38%), musculoskeletal pain (36%), abdominal 
      pain (34%), pruritus (27%), diarrhea (27%), rash (26%), cough (23%), and 
      decreased appetite (22%). The most common adverse reactions (≥20%) in 
      patients who received OPDIVO as a single agent were fatigue, rash, 
      musculoskeletal pain, pruritus, diarrhea, nausea, asthenia, cough, 
      dyspnea, constipation, decreased appetite, back pain, arthralgia, upper 
      respiratory tract infection, and pyrexia.
    
      In a separate Phase 3 study of YERVOY 3 mg/kg, the most common adverse 
      reactions (≥5%) in patients who received YERVOY at 3 mg/kg were fatigue 
      (41%), diarrhea (32%), pruritus (31%), rash (29%), and colitis (8%).
    
      Please see U.S. Full Prescribing Information for OPDIVO 
      and YERVOY, 
      including Boxed WARNING regarding immune-mediated adverse reactions 
      for YERVOY.

Checkmate Trials and Patient Populations

Checkmate 067 – advanced melanoma alone or in combination with 
      YERVOY; Checkmate 037 and 066 – advanced melanoma; Checkmate 
      017 – squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Checkmate 057 
      – non-squamous NSCLC; Checkmate 025 – renal cell carcinoma; Checkmate 
      205/039 – classical Hodgkin lymphoma; Checkmate 141 – 
      squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck; Checkmate 275 – 
      urothelial carcinoma; Checkmate 040 – hepatocellular carcinoma.
    
About the Bristol-Myers Squibb and Ono 
      Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. Collaboration

      In 2011, through a collaboration agreement with Ono Pharmaceutical Co., 
      Ltd (Ono), Bristol-Myers Squibb expanded its territorial rights to 
      develop and commercialize Opdivo globally except in Japan, South Korea 
      and Taiwan, where Ono had retained all rights to the compound at the 
      time. On July 23, 2014, Bristol-Myers Squibb and Ono further expanded 
      the companies’ strategic collaboration agreement to jointly develop and 
      commercialize multiple immunotherapies – as single agents and 
      combination regimens – for patients with cancer in Japan, South Korea 
      and Taiwan.
    
About Bristol-Myers Squibb

      Bristol-Myers Squibb is a global biopharmaceutical company whose mission 
      is to discover, develop and deliver innovative medicines that help 
      patients prevail over serious diseases. For more information about 
      Bristol-Myers Squibb, visit us at BMS.com 
      or follow us on LinkedIn, 
      Twitter, 
      YouTube 
      and Facebook.
    
Bristol-Myers Squibb Forward-Looking Statement

This press release contains "forward-looking statements" as that term 
      is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 
      regarding the research, development and commercialization of 
      pharmaceutical products. Such forward-looking statements are based on 
      current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, 
      including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and 
      could cause actual outcomes and results to differ materially from 
      current expectations. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. 
      Forward-looking statements in this press release should be evaluated 
      together with the many uncertainties that affect Bristol-Myers Squibb's 
      business, particularly those identified in the cautionary factors 
      discussion in Bristol-Myers Squibb's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
      year ended December 31, 2016 in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and 
      our Current Reports on Form 8-K. Bristol-Myers Squibb undertakes no 
      obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as 
      a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


      Bristol-Myers SquibbMedia:Audrey Abernathy, cell: 
      919-605-4521audrey.abernathy@bms.comInvestors:Tim 
      Power, 609-252-7509timothy.power@bms.comorBill 
      Szablewski, 609-252-5894william.szablewski@bms.com
Opdivo (nivolumab) Demonstrates Superior Three-Year Survival Benefit for Patients with Previously Treated Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma (RCC)
      Bristol-Myers SquibbMedia:Audrey Abernathy, cell: 
      919-605-4521audrey.abernathy@bms.comInvestors:Tim 
      Power, 609-252-7509timothy.power@bms.comorBill 
      Szablewski, 609-252-5894william.szablewski@bms.com
