Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.A cookie is a piece of data stored by your browser or device that helps websites like this one recognize return visitors. We use cookies to give you the best experience on BNA.com. Some cookies are also necessary for the technical operation of our website. If you continue browsing, you agree to this site’s use of cookies.For even more information, see Privacy Policy: Our Policies Regarding the Collection of InformationSign InBloomberg LawAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedBloomberg TaxAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedBloomberg GovernmentAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedBloomberg EnvironmentAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedHR & PayrollAreas of InterestCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedMarketing ServicesCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedOur ProductsCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedCopyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Forgot your username or password?
An integrated legal research and business intelligence solution, combining trusted news and analysis with cutting-edge technology to provide legal professionals with tools to be proactive advisers.Built on the foundation of our renowned Tax Management Portfolios™, Bloomberg BNA Tax & Accounting provides in-depth analysis from leading practitioner-experts, timesaving practice tools, news, commentary, and primary sources.
                                The most comprehensive source of information and analytics for government affairs and contracting professionals. BGOV solutions deliver the complete picture on legislation and government contracting. Combines powerful, easy-to-use compliance tools, auditing software, and analysis with continuously updated federal and state laws, regulations, and documents.Bloomberg BNA provides legal, tax, compliance, government affairs, and government contracting professionals with critical information, practical guidance, and workflow solutions, leveraging leading technology and a global network of experts.Bloomberg BNA Plus marketing services allow clients to elevate their brands and extend their reach through our established and trusted expertise, enhanced with engaging event production, appealing design, and compelling messaging.A recent federal appeals court opinion crystalized the
difficulty that whistle-blowers face in making legally sufficient allegations
to expose off-label drug marketing schemes as fraud against the government. Two health-care attorneys who represent clients on opposite
sides of FCA litigation laid out differing perspectives on whether the Sixth
Circuit’s majority opinion on the FCA pleading issue (one of three judges on
the panel dissented from the ruling) was correct, and what impact the ruling
will have on other FCA off-label litigation.The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit affirmed
Oct. 27 the dismissal of a False Claims Act lawsuit brought against
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Otsuka America Pharmaceutical Inc. because the
whistle-blowers, two former BMS sales representatives, failed to provide
examples of alleged false claims for Abilify that were induced by improper
off-label marketing tactics.The majority said that a relaxed pleading standard for
whistle-blowers who can’t provide examples of actual false claim submissions
should be limited to persons with direct knowledge of a defendant’s billing
procedures. The dissenting judge said that limiting the availability of a
relaxed FCA pleading standard in this way was unnecessary and undermined the
intent behind the law.Claire M. Sylvia, a partner with Phillips & Cohen LLP in
San Francisco who represents whistle-blowers, told me that the dissenting
opinion “correctly summarizes the trend” in FCA pleading standards, and agreed
with the dissent that requiring direct knowledge of a defendant’s billing
procedures shouldn’t be necessary. Sylvia said the decision likely wouldn’t affect pharmaceutical
marketing, however, as "[t]he FCA has been extremely effective at
enforcing off-label restrictions and calling attention to abuses and the
associated harms to public health.” Sylvia said the effect of the decision
would be limited because it only applies to cases in the Sixth Circuit, and
that drugmakers would be unwise to “ignore past substantial penalties that have
been paid for violating the False Claims Act.” Drugmaker Celgene agreed to a $280
million off-label FCA settlement in June of this year.In contrast, Laura F. Laemmle-Weidenfeld, a partner with
Jones Day who represents defendants in health-care fraud matters, told me that
the decision to limit the availability of a relaxed FCA pleading standard was
appropriate. Laemmle-Weidenfeld said that linking off-label marketing to
fraudulent claim submissions “presents a challenged to relators and the
government in all off-label cases” during trial and in pre-trial motions. 

Read my full story on the Bristol-Myers Squibb decision here.Learn more about Bloomberg Law and sign up for a free trial.Stay on top of new developments in health law and regulation
with a free trial to the Health
Law Resource Center.

 

 Copyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights ReservedAll Bloomberg BNA treatises are available on standing order, which ensures you will always receive the most current edition of the book or supplement of the title you have ordered from Bloomberg BNA’s book division. As soon as a new supplement or edition is published (usually annually) for a title you’ve previously purchased and requested to be placed on standing order, we’ll ship it to you to review for 30 days without any obligation. During this period, you can either (a) honor the invoice and receive a 5% discount (in addition to any other discounts you may qualify for) off the then-current price of the update, plus shipping and handling or (b) return the book(s), in which case, your invoice will be cancelled upon receipt of the book(s). Call us for a prepaid UPS label for your return. It’s as simple and easy as that. Most importantly, standing orders mean you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you’re relying on. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.960.1220 or by sending an email to books@bna.com.
 Put me on standing order at a 5% discount off list price of all future updates, in addition to any other discounts I may quality for. (Returnable within 30 days.)
    
 Notify me when updates are available (No standing order will be created).
    This Bloomberg BNA report is available on standing order, which ensures you will all receive the latest edition. This report is updated annually and we will send you the latest edition once it has been published. By signing up for standing order you will never have to worry about the timeliness of the information you need. And, you may discontinue standing orders at any time by contacting us at 1.800.372.1033, option 5, or by sending us an email to research@bna.com.
 Put me on standing order
    
 Notify me when new releases are available (no standing order will be created)
    