BELLEVUE, Wash., Nov.  30, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Voip-Pal.com Inc. (“Voip-Pal”, “Company”) (OTCQB:VPLM) provides an update on the Company’s immediate strategy following the recent unprecedented IPR validations at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB), based on the technological merit and substance of the two patents which were attacked by eight Inter Partes Review (IPR) petitions initiated by Apple, AT&T and Unified Patents.What is the next step?The Company’s technical and legal team has begun the process of preparing an updated infringement and damages model claim chart which will be presented in court when the current stay of proceedings is lifted in the patent infringement lawsuits vs. Apple, Inc. in the United States District Court, District of Nevada case number 2:16-CV-00260 filed on February 9, 2016, and vs. Verizon Wireless Services, LLC, Verizon Communications Inc., AT&T, Inc., and AT&T Corp. in the United States District Court, District of Nevada, case number 2:16-cv-00271 filed February 10, 2016.  The stay of proceedings was put in place pending the outcome of the IPR’s, which have since received final written decisions by the PTAB in favor of Voip-Pal.How is Voip-Pal’s current financial situation?The Company has been able to raise monies necessary in a fiscally responsible manner with minimal dilution. Current Voip-Pal management has never accepted offers of toxic or “death spiral” funding as is widely used by many small companies. With the large expenses related to the IPR defense behind them, Voip-Pal has significantly reduced its monthly burn rate. They are represented in their patent infringement lawsuits by a top Nevada litigation firm, Alverson Taylor Mortensen & Sanders, on a contingency agreement which allows them to continue to continue to respond to challenges by large companies.When is the Company hoping to monetize its patents?Voip-Pal is actively pursuing every possible avenue of patent monetization including amicable settlement of their lawsuits and patent licensing agreements. The Company had previously made more than 60 parties, potentially using their technology, aware of their patent portfolio. The clock for infringement on Voip-Pal’s patents began in 2010 and any royalties and or settlements will be calculated retroactive to that year. The longer it takes to achieve a monetary agreement the larger the amount due to Voip-Pal will be. The Company believes it will achieve monetization in 2018, but many factors are involved in achieving that goal.Are any discussions with potential suitors currently taking place?Prior to the filing of the IPR petitions by Unified Patents, Apple, Inc. and AT&T Inc., the Company had been engaged in monetization discussions with various parties. Those discussions were placed on hold pending the outcome of the IPR’s. Since last week’s positive decisions, Voip-Pal has begun the process of reaching out to those parties to resume discussions.Emil Malak CEO of Voip-Pal stated, “The unprecedented technical validation we received from the PTAB has given us a positive base for negotiations and potential litigation.The heavy lifting with regards to fundraising for our 8 IPR defenses is behind us and we are now able to concentrate all of our efforts on achieving monetization. We have a very strong team of technical and legal experts in place that continue to work tirelessly towards our goals.We believe time is now on our side and we are moving forward towards a successful resolution. Patience is a virtue.”About Voip-Pal.com Inc.Voip-Pal.Com, Inc. (“Voip-Pal”) is a publicly traded corporation (OTCQB:VPLM) headquartered in Bellevue, Washington.  The Company owns a portfolio of patents relating to Voice-over-Internet Protocol (“VoIP”) technology that it is currently looking to monetize.Any forecast of future financial performance is a "forward looking statement" under securities laws. Such statements are included to allow potential investors the opportunity to understand management’s beliefs and opinions with respect to the future so that they may use such beliefs and opinions as one factor among many in evaluating an investment.Corporate Website:     www.voip-pal.comIR inquiries:                 IR@voip-pal.com                                     IR Contact: Rich Inza  (954) 495-4600 Voip-Pal.Com Inc.  Subscribe via RSS Subscribe via ATOM Javascript  Bellevue, Washington, UNITED STATES  http://www.voip-pal.com/


Voip-Pal.Com Inc.  Logo

Formats available: