




 



 News provided byNov 07, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, Nov. 7, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --If you want a Stock Review on ATVI, EA, GLUU, or ZNGA then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report. DailyStockTracker.com has initiated research coverage on Activision Blizzard Inc. (NASDAQ:   ATVI), Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:   EA), Glu Mobile Inc. (NASDAQ:   GLUU), and Zynga Inc. (NASDAQ:   ZNGA). Multimedia and Graphics Software companies engage in the design, development, and support for a variety of multimedia productions such as graphics design, Web design, desktop and online publishing, video production, streaming media, and imaging systems. Take a look at the free research reports issued today on DailyStockTracker.com for these stocks by signing up at:http://dailystocktracker.com/register/Activision BlizzardOn Monday, shares in Santa Monica, California headquartered Activision Blizzard Inc. recorded a trading volume of 12.94 million shares, which was higher than their three months average volume of 5.95 million shares. The stock ended the day at $60.87, declining 3.69% from the last trading session. The Company's shares have surged 68.57% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 8.66%. Furthermore, shares of Activision Blizzard have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 39.60. On November 05th, 2017, Activision Blizzard announced that at BlizzCon® 2017, more than 30,000 players gathered to experience the latest updates to their favorite Blizzard games and cheer on top esports competitors, with millions more joining online. Over two days packed with developer panels, friendly competition, and live entertainment, the Blizzard community learned about and went hands-on with new heroes, new gameplay updates, and new expansions coming to the Company's blockbuster franchises. Sign up and read the free research report on ATVI at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=ATVIElectronic ArtsRedwood City, California headquartered Electronic Arts Inc.'s stock saw a slight drop of 0.65%, finishing yesterday's session at $112.46. A total volume of 3.64 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 2.49 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 42.79% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 200-day moving average by 7.43%. Additionally, shares of Electronic Arts have an RSI of 39.98. On November 01st, 2017, research firm Jefferies reiterated its 'Buy' rating on the Company's stock with an increase of the target price from $135 a share to $138 a share.On November 03rd, 2017, Electronic Arts officially revealed EA SPORTS™ UFC® 3, featuring UFC® lightweight champion Conor McGregor, the only UFC athlete to hold UFC titles in two weight classes simultaneously, as the game's official global cover athlete. EA SPORTS UFC 3 introduces a new generation of fighting for fight fans powered by Real Player Motion Tech, a revolutionary new gameplay animation technology that delivers the most fluid and responsive motion in EA SPORTS UFC history. The complimentary research report on EA can be downloaded at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=EAGlu MobileShares in San Francisco, California headquartered Glu Mobile Inc. ended the session 1.59% lower at $3.71. The stock recorded a trading volume of 3.02 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 18.53% over the previous three months and 91.24% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 32.26% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Glu Mobile, which develops, publishes, and markets a portfolio of free-to-play mobile games for the users of smartphones and tablet devices, have an RSI of 43.05.  On October 11th, 2017, Glu Mobile announced the first details about the upcoming launch of "The Swift Life", a new digital entertainment project in partnership with multiple Grammy Award-winning artist, Taylor Swift, to be released as a beta in limited territories soon. The Swift Life provides a creative, inclusive, and community-driven place for users to better connect with each other and Taylor. On October 31st, 2017, research firm Stifel reiterated its 'Buy' rating on the Company's stock with an increase of the target price from $3.30 a share to $4.50 a share. Register for free on DailyStockTracker.com and access the latest report on GLUU at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=GLUUZyngaAt the closing bell on Monday, San Francisco, California headquartered Zynga Inc.'s stock dropped 1.53%, finishing at $3.86. A total volume of 8.42 million shares was traded. The Company's shares have gained 1.85% in the last month, 4.04% over the previous three months, and 50.19% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading 1.95% and 15.83% above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, shares of Zynga, which develops, markets, and operates social games as live services played on the Internet, social networking sites, and mobile platforms in the US and internationally, have an RSI of 53.99.  On November 02nd, 2017, Zynga announced that it has appointed Jeff Ryan as Chief People Officer, effective November 27th, 2017. Ryan will oversee global Human Recourses, Recruiting, and Learning and Development for the Company, and will report directly to CEO Frank Gibeau. Get free access to your research report on ZNGA at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=ZNGADaily Stock Tracker:Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.  NO WARRANTYDST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERINGThis document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/CONTACTFor any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly.If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at:Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com Phone number:  (207)331-3313Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South AfricaCFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.View original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/technical-research-on-multimedia--graphics-software-equities----activision-blizzard-electronic-arts-glu-mobile-and-zynga-300550751.htmlSOURCE dailystocktracker.com
http://dailystocktracker.com
Nov 07, 2017, 06:05 ETPreview: Pre-Market Technical Recap on Specialty Retail Stocks -- LiNiu Technology, Blue Apron, Alibaba, and KAR Auction ServicesNov 06, 2017, 11:30 ETPreview: Low VOC Adhesive Market Worth 55.29 Billion USD by 2022 More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 07, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat