Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Investors are always looking for stocks that are poised to beat at earnings season and Activision Blizzard, Inc. ATVI  may be one such company. The firm has earnings coming up pretty soon, and events are shaping up quite nicely for their report.That is because Activision Blizzardis seeing favorable earnings estimate revision activity as of late, which is generally a precursor to an earnings beat. After all, analysts raising estimates right before earnings - with the most up-to-date information possible - is a pretty good indicator of some favorable trends underneath the surface for ATVI in this report.In fact, the Most Accurate Estimate for the current quarter is currently at 52 cents per share for ATVI, compared to a broader Zacks Consensus Estimate of 50 cents per share. This suggests that analysts have very recently bumped up their estimates for ATVI, giving the stock a Zacks Earnings ESP of +4.32% heading into earnings season.      Activision Blizzard, Inc Price and EPS   Surprise    |      Activision Blizzard, Inc Quote  Why is this Important? A positive reading for the Zacks Earnings ESP has proven to be very powerful in producing both positive surprises, and outperforming the market. Our recent 10-year backtest shows that stocks that have a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) or better show a positive surprise nearly 70% of the time, and have returned over 28% on average in annual returns (see more Top Earnings ESP stocks here  ).Given that ATVI has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and an ESP in positive territory, investors might want to consider this stock ahead of earnings. You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)   stocks here   .Clearly, recent earnings estimate revisions suggest that good things are ahead for Activision Blizzard, and that a beat might be in the cards for the upcoming report. More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone! It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.  Click here for the 6 trades >>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.