Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!Expected Earnings Release: 11/15/2017, After-hoursAvg. Extended-Hours Dollar Volume: $137,097,535Cisco Systems, Inc. ( CSCO  ) is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect very active trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement. Historical earnings event related premarket and after-hours trading activity in CSCO indicates that the price change in the extended hours is likely to be of significant value in forecasting additional price movement by the following regular session close.Last 12 Qtrs Positive Only Price ReactionsPercent of time added to extended-hours gains: 60%Average next regular session additional gain: 2.8%Over the prior three fiscal years (12 quarters), when shares of CSCO rose in the extended-hours session in reaction to its earnings announcement, history shows that 60.0% of the time (3 events) the stock posted additional gains in the following regular session by an average of 2.8%.Last 12 Qtrs Negative Only Price ReactionsPercent of time added to extended-hours losses: 80%Average next regular session additional loss: 1%Over that same historical period, when shares of CSCO dropped in the extended-hours in reaction to its earnings announcement, history shows that 80.0% of the time (4 events) the stock dropped further, adding to the extended-hours losses by an average of 1.0% by the following regular session close.Data provided by the MT Pro service at MTNewswires.com.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.

Copyright (C) 2016 MTNewswires.com. All rights reserved. Unauthorized reproduction is strictly prohibited.
Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.