Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO)Credit Suisse 21st Annual Technology, Media & Telecom ConferenceNovember 28, 2017 04:30 PM ETExecutivesIsh Limkakeng - SVP, Product Management Data Center SwitchingAnalystsBrad Zelnick - Credit SuisseBrad ZelnickGood afternoon, everybody. I’m Brad Zelnick. I’m one of the software analysts here at Credit Suisse and we are delighted to be joined by Cisco. I introduce Ish Limkakeng, SVP of Product Marketing for the Data Center Switching Business. And if you haven't thought of this already, you might be asking yourself, "Why is the software guy up here with Cisco?" I think a lot of Cisco's future is about software. And we're going to talk a little bit about that as well. It also is the result of a coverage gap at Credit Suisse, if I'm being quite honest, one that shall resolve itself in very short order.But with that, I believe in the wisdom of crowds, and I look to all of you, as I had many prepared questions, I'm hoping that you're going to join in as well and raise your hands. And if you're shy, you can send me an e-mail to brad.zelnick@credit-suisse.com and I will check it periodically as we have our discussion. But the format today, Ish, please have a seat. Welcome, its fireside chat and we'll look to make this is productive as possible.So with that, maybe I’ll open up by prepared to just a brief buy to Ish, the Senior Vice President of Data Center Business Group, he' principally responsible for Cisco’s flagship data center switching products, the Nexus 9000, the 3000 as well as ACI. He has been in Cisco since 1998 in various roles in sales and marketing. He was also part of the Insieme Networks business segment, which was spun into Cisco in 2013. Keep me honest here, if I get any of this wrong.Ish LimkakengYou got it.Brad ZelnickI got it right, okay, cool. With that, maybe we can open it up Ish just data center trends, maybe talk about what you seeing in the data center. The shift for the cloud has been a major driver for data center spent where service provider spending has remains not as robust. Even in your recent earnings report, the service provider segment continues to struggle. How you navigating this headwinds? And where you see opportunities for Cisco ahead?Ish LimkakengYes, absolutely. Thank you very much. Thanks for having me here. First thing, first, we’ll be making forward-looking statements, so need to make that disclaimer at this point. But from a standpoint data center, we’re very excited about where we are with data center switching and kind of a lot of the underlying trends that are driving in that market. You mentioned a couple from a public cloud standpoint of course been a lot of growth there. I kind of look at the market in really, you can think of it, in three pieces. There is public cloud, mega scale center. There are these traditional service providers and then there are some of the huge segments of enterprise, promotional, public sector customers. There are really three distinct markets and we see different growth dynamics in trends and each of them.In the enterprise and commercial side of the world is what we see, there are still a lot of growth there, but a lot of those customers are kind of wrestling with challenges of what hybrid cloud -- what a hybrid cloud will looks like for that, and I’ll get into that a little bit. But I think it’s a great opportunity for us in the industry and for us Cisco, typically to help them with that challenge. As pretty much all of our customers have some combination of an on-prem environment and a public cloud or at least a third-party hosting environment, and are looking to figure out how can I do workload placement in a way that, is business driven not technology driven.And so that feeds into a lot of what we’re doing in our data center business, not just of course providing state-of-the-art data center switching and our server business, but also the software above that, and how we can help them, orchestrate policy, move workloads and have consistent security across these different environments. And that's kind of a one of the key dynamics that we see in that enterprise commercial is that architecture play is really effective for us, and I think effective for the customers. From a service provider standpoint, we've a great -- we have great traction and we're getting with our 9K, our Nexus 9K and ACI, a lot of progress in services rather.But I think that has a lot more to do, the trends and which you referred to from our call, have -- they have a lot more to do with the underlying aspects of their business, a lot of those service providers are -- some of them are evaluating new business models. They're sort of kind of plan for the future, a lot of transitions and kind of -- it has really more to do with their business then it does any of the people who are us or competitors what we provide to that market. And then from a cloud -- public cloud environment, it's a great -- a lot of growth there, and I'd like to distinguish between the infrastructure providers versus the guys who run a business but is cloud scale, right.And the difference is that in the people who run a cloud scale business, a lot of their decision criteria as they mature starts to become more similar to some of those enterprise customers, because at the end of the day they're trying to run a business. So, we see a lot of interest for instance in our application centric infrastructure, some of our other cloud aspects with Tetration, Analytics platform. And then when you kind of come to the public cloud, big public cloud providers, what we've seen at least Cisco's, we are kind of changing our approach, and really engaging with them in two ways that are very different.One is just from an engineering to engineering standpoint, how do we just help them solve the problems that come with their pace and their scale. And two, providing technology in the way that they want to consume it. So, whether that is software, independent of hardware, or hardware independent of software, or the two combined together, that's the model that we're addressing in that cloud provider. So, from your question about the overall trends, it's a little bit different in each of the segments, but I think there's like real -- there're really great opportunities in each of these segments for us. We're really excited about how that's going for us.Brad ZelnickThat's helpful, Ish. On service provider in particular, you maybe drill down another layer? Because we hear that even in looking at security and some of the other companies that we covered a little bit further up the stack that there is this transition, there's a bit of uncertainty and will be curious to hear you perspective on how like where are we in that? What are the decision points? And how long does it take to resolve itself, if you will? Will there be a consensus? And where does Cisco win in all of that?Ish LimkakengYes. So, I think that there're a lot of kind of higher level business trends and some technology trend, adoption of 5G at scale, some of the different IoT business models are influx. I think as the service provider themselves start to figure out. How they play and what their business model is? That's going to take some time. I don't know that I can put a -- on January 5th of whatever, it's going to be resolved. Because the different service providers around the world are making different decisions about that. What is common from our perspective from a networking and from a data center standpoint is that operations and how they build their data centers and their networking underneath that has to support a variety of different business models on top of it.And so, we see an increasing interest in some of our -- and a lot of providers, and what we can provide from an orchestration and management in this traditional service provider environment, how that interfaces with their plans and their thoughts for network function virtualization, NFV. Our security portfolio is a very relevant asset for us in that space, because how they want to secure their own networks, and in turn the segment the traffic and security concerns of their customers becomes very relevant. So, I think that's the area for Cisco is that as we provide that infrastructure and increasingly the management and the orchestration above that it's really important. And as they figure out their business models that will kind of naturally snaps into place.Brad ZelnickGot it, it's helpful. I'm actually just keeping an eye on my email here. So don't think that I'm rude. But there is an incoming question that I think is kind of interesting. How is your approach to customers changed from under John Chambers to now Chuck? And what are you doing differently?Ish LimkakengGood question. So I think at the core, we've always been -- and I'm sure John's been to these conferences many times, and we've always been very customer focused. It's a core part of the Cisco culture I mean way back to the founding. I think maybe Chuck has definitely -- Chuck and Kelly together have definitely put a strong emphasis on the -- and I'm sure you've heard this before, recurring and software business model recurring revenue model. And that from a customer standpoint, that's very customer driven because we've had a lot of customers who have -- who want to consume the technology in an OpEx manner whether that's comes from their experience as SaaS providers or their own, just their own financial requirements or what have you. I think that's been a change that Chuck and Kelly have driven, not just I guess that's not purely as a customer engagement, but also throughout the Company and go-to-market, and how we're it's a big focus for the Company. I think that would probably the one thing I would put on those that has really changed since Chuck has come onboard.Brad ZelnickGreat. ACI, ACI 3.0 is somewhat recent released?Ish LimkakengYes.Brad ZelnickAnd if I'm not mistaken, in that you included support for multi-cloud strategies for your customers?Ish LimkakengRight.Brad ZelnickI hear ACI referenced quite often from some of your competitors, some of your VMware or even some of the smaller segmentation players, Illumio and vArmour, for example. And I heard you said that, that ACI is more of an underlay approach versus others that are in overlay. Could you just help to spell some of the differences in the market? And talk about the success in some of the latest features?Ish LimkakengYes, absolutely.Brad ZelnickAnd how broad the aperture for your guys?Ish LimkakengYes, it's a great question. So ACI is what we called application centric infrastructure. It's what Cisco's offering. Four or five years ago, we had been sitting here talking about SDN and software overlays. What we did was a little bit different than some of the other SDN players at the time. If we were talking about this five years ago we'll be talking about open flow this and this protocol and why the software overlay versus hardware. And that was all kind beside the point. What we did differently was the only reason you build the data center is because of the application that you’re going to host in that data center.Drives your business as the data that uses, is the only reason you built the data center, it’s the only reason you put a workload in the public cloud because there is some application you care about. So, if that’s true, expect that to be true then the technology should be -- we should drive the requirements of the infrastructure by the requirements of the application. And so what’s we did with ACI, which a little bit different than just creating a software, just recreating all the networking contracts and software, and now you have two layers to manage.So when we did that, I think -- so I would change a little bit what you said, it’s not so much an underlay approach, it’s an integrated approach. And it is application down as opposed to separate software and hardware overlay. AT the end of the day, software and hardware are just technology, right, if the application that matters. So what we have done with 3.0 and some of the most, more recent capabilities is we brought a multi-site capability to ACI. So you will be able to -- customers can now manage their ACI environment over some many different sites and they have a right reasons for doing that whether its disaster recovery, redundancy or what have you. And so they can have a common policy set across those different sites.And then the other thing we’ve done is we have made it -- we've talked about bringing that ACI model and into the cloud. So whether it’s in the public cloud, you will have the ability to have a common set of polices and security and management for those workloads whether they're in public or private environment or third-party hosted environment. And ultimately, the goal is to kind of make that workload placement of business decision, not a technology decision for our customers.Brad ZelnickHelpful. Thank you. You’ve talked a bit earlier about the three customer segments broadly. And if we think about the pressure that you’re seeing in the data center with move to cloud, keep that new competitors like Arista. You’ve got Juniper with new products. How do you see yourself probably speaking defending your position? It's maybe some of the basic question, but if it came down to one thing and I know it never really does. But force prioritization of where your focus is?. What would that be? how should we think about defending your position?Ish LimkakengSo when we look at how our customers want to consume data center technology and how their applications will be deployed. At the end of the day it is -- the real priority is like making sure that customer can make the right business decision and the right decision about their applications. And I think that is more than wearing about, hey, is this is the latest and greatest of switching or any other point technology. We are folks and making sure that our customers have the best overall solution.And we have to have state-of-the-art, which we do of course for Cisco and we care deeply and passionately about the networking and the data center switching. We have start-of-the-art product there. But again customers don’t build data centers and customers don’t place workloads in the public cloud just to build networks. They have applications that they care about. So you’re going to make sure that is kind of primary and the way you think about it.Brad ZelnickOkay, got it. Make sense to me as a security focus guys, I’ve heard it said that security is increasingly driving networking decisions. We do agree or disagree with that statement? And how does it impact the way you think about the business?Ish LimkakengI think what we have with our security portfolio. We've had a lot of success recently. As I'm sure you're well aware. The security is part of really almost every conversation whether it is because of the latest headline or because of -- as they -- as customers think about -- as they think about their network architectures or their application architectures. It is also an opportunity to rethink their security posture. It is inherent in almost every transaction, conversation. And I think there's no exception in data center as well whether it drives or pulls I think is -- I think there is some truth to that, but it's really the fact that it's very integrated in the conversation. And I think it's a huge asset for us, the security portfolio that we've been able to have some success within the last few years. So it's been a great asset for us from the data center standpoint.Brad ZelnickI think back 5 or 10 years ago, maybe 10 years ago, it was -- this is my switch, this is my router. If I check the box, do you get ASA or fix or whatever it is with that, whereas now it seems a lot more central to the conversation. I've got another question that I've got here online, very topical. How much do you think the M&A will be important for your business success at Cisco going forward?Ish LimkakengSo, we don't comment on future M&A of course. It has been an integral part of our built by partner, co-develop strategy from an innovation standpoint. I don't think you'll see that change. I think it was true, as long as I've been part of the Company, I think its Chuck and Kelly have been very consistent about that will continue to be part of our innovation strategy and an important part of it.Brad ZelnickPublic clouds.Ish LimkakengYes.Brad ZelnickQuite topical and more -- I think somewhat recently, you've had design wins at Microsoft, you recently announced the partnership with Alibaba as well as GCP. Can you talk a little bit about what it means to be involved with these players at the design phase? And are you in earlier than perhaps you were in the past? And how does the influence the ongoing relationship in the future that you've in the public cloud?Ish LimkakengSo, we -- the public cloud providers are of course they're big important customers for all of us in the industry. And I think you see, our engagement model has probably changed a bit over time. And if it's really about how do we engage from on an engineering level to help and solve problems, as they build out these scaled out networks. And so, we've been public in the past, some of the work that we've done with Microsoft and Sonic, more recently with Alibaba, some of the success we've had there. And it's really kind of a product of that engagement model and how we at an engineering level, get in and just worry about solving those engineering problems before we kind of worry about the overall big picture of what the partnership looks like.And then overtime I think as you develop that, you have an opportunity to solve some bigger problems, and some of what you see with GCP for instance is I think how -- we're working together with Google, with some of the assets that we have in our HyperFlex and some of the expertise so they of course have with Kubernetes and how do we create a great hybrid cloud solution for customers. And so, that engagement model continues with all the different cloud providers and we're very happy with the progress on it so far.Brad ZelnickExcellent, I think we've got bit less than five minutes left. Anybody in the room would like to ask the question? Don't be shy, please. Give him mic?Question-and-Answer SessionQ - Unidentified AnalystHi, thanks for taking the question. On all this talk about software, I am curious to understand is silicon efforts on the part of the Cisco pretty much dead? Or do you still see the opportunity to do something on the ASIC side and bring up, what there seems to be a perceived kind of narrowing up the gap on performance on the silicon?Ish LimkakengYes, thank you for the question. No, absolutely, we see an opportunity to continue to innovate in silicon. We are -- we're a huge consumer of merchant silicon. And we're not particularly religious about it. To the extent that there is great merchant silicon out there, we will use it as it makes sense. But we do believe that we have the ability to innovate still at the integration of hardware and software silicon and the software. Some of the things that you see with what we've done at ACI are good example of that.We have a lot of experience in doing ourselves. We're really the only player in the industry that has the scale to do that as well as the customer breadth where we can see requirements across the entire market and across the entire market. So, the combination of those two things as well as our ability to understand what's possible in the technology, I think we still believe, we very much believe we still have the ability to innovate at that level.That being said, very pragmatic about it. When it make sense via the merchant silicon or when we can innovate and kind a customer relevant innovation beyond that we do that as well.Unidentified AnalystAny additional in the room? I've got one I don't know if this is a fair question, you'll tell me if it isn't. I'd imagine you don't comment on the litigation that's my expected answer. But even if you don't give us anything that's perspective. Can you maybe remind us, what's the latest update on the Arista patent infringement litigation?Ish LimkakengYes, so you're right, no comment on ongoing litigation. The latest is always contained in Mark Chandler's public blog. So that would be the most up-to-date information on that.Unidentified AnalystOkay, thank you for reminding us. I've got one just on subscription services when it comes to catalyst switches, Cisco recently introduced several subscription services attached to it. What can you do there with the data center portfolio?Ish LimkakengYes. So referring to our, the new product introduction in our campus portfolio, the CAT 9K and the subscription model that kind of came with it. We're very pleased with how it's been going so far. We have I think about 1100 or so customers, adoption in very short period of time. The subscription model adoption has been going very nicely and a lot of the customers have been opting for some of the advanced packages in that software subscription. So we're very pleased with that.It is a general view for us across our portfolio to drive new offers in a subscription in a recurring revenue basis. So, I think you'll see that as well in our data center portfolio. We're already seeing it like Tetration as a subscription for our analytics platform is a subscription offer. We have and you will see as bring that model to the product portfolio, security portfolios, mostly subscription as you know already.Brad ZelnickWith that Ish, I think we are out of time, but I’m going to sneaking one quick one. M&A, I don’t expect you’re going to sell us what you’re looking to buy next. But is there anything that in particular, we should expect like in software, we know that’s a focus for Cisco, are there areas that you definitely won’t go?Ish LimkakengI think our M&A strategy is, as I said, it’s a part of our overall innovation strategy. So, they’re built by partner co-develop, you will see our M&A strategy continue to be consistent with that. So, the big themes that Chuck and Kelly and those of us who in our key markets see us continue to focus on that. I don’t know that it's we have a rule anything out in particular so, I mean will be considered in that strategy.Brad ZelnickWith that, thank you all very much. Thank you, Ish, really appreciated your participation.Ish LimkakengThank you.Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.