JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Nov.  21, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- E. Hunter Harrison, CSX Corporation (Nasdaq:CSX) president and chief executive officer, and Jim Foote, chief operating  officer, will address the Credit Suisse 5th Annual Industrials Conference in Palm Beach, Fla., on Wednesday, November 29, 2017, at 12:00 p.m. Eastern Time.The webcast will be accessible through http://investors.csx.com. A replay and accompanying audio will be available following the conclusion of this event. This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company’s website at http://investors.csx.com.About CSX and its DisclosuresCSX, based in Jacksonville, Florida, is a premier transportation company.  It provides rail, intermodal and rail-to-truck transload services and solutions to customers across a broad array of markets, including energy, industrial, construction, agricultural, and consumer products.  For over 190 years, CSX has played a critical role in the nation's economic expansion and industrial development.  Its network connects every major metropolitan area in the eastern United States, where nearly two-thirds of the nation's population resides.  It also links more than 240 short-line railroads and more than 70 ocean, river and lake ports with major population centers and farming towns alike.This announcement, as well as additional financial information, is available on the company's website at http://investors.csx.com. CSX also uses social media channels to communicate information about the company. Although social media channels are not intended to be the primary method of disclosure for material information, it is possible that certain information CSX posts on social media could be deemed to be material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in the company to review the information we post on Twitter (http://twitter.com/CSX) and on Slideshare (http://www.slideshare.net/HowTomorrowMoves).  The social media channels used by CSX may be updated from time to time.More information about CSX Corporation and its subsidiaries is available at www.csx.com and on Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/OfficialCSX). Contact: Kevin Boone, Investor Relations904-359-1090 Robert Doolittle, Corporate Communications202-626-4939CSX Corporation  Subscribe via RSS Subscribe via ATOM Javascript  Jacksonville, Florida, UNITED STATES


CSX Corporation  Logo

Formats available: