Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, United Arab Emirates vice president and prime minister, center blue sandals, passes a Boeing Co. 787-10  operated by Emirates airline, during the Dubai Air Show on Monday, Nov. 13, 2017.  (Natalie Naccache/Bloomberg)Dow leader 
 
Boeing
 is racking up another success this week, dominating Airbus at the Dubai Air Show.The air show came toward the end of a year when Boeing shares are up 68% year-to-date, its aircraft are selling so well that some even talk of reviving the 767 as a passenger airplane, and Boeing diplomacy has made a friend of a once-critical president.Is there such a thing as too much success?Emboldened Boeing argued last month that an aircraft assembled in Mobile, Alabama, should be subject to an import tax. Additionally, as it has grown close to President Trump, it is allied with a leader who has a protectionist agenda --  one that is unlikely to benefit a global trade giant.
Richard Aboulafia, aerospace consultant at Teal Group and fellow Forbes contributor, says the key to the ascent of Boeing's stock is a world awash in capital and looking for safe, reliable investments. Boeing’s back orders total $474 billion, including nearly 5,700 commercial aircraft orders.“This is a time when there’s an awful lot of money out there looking for a home, and a jetliner revenue stream is as safe as you can get,” Aboulafia said. “As long as you can show record high output and a pretty good product line, the world’s capital will beat a path to your door.“This goes to your head, and it doesn’t provide a smell check on bad ideas,” he said. “It’s exactly the same as having a trust fund:  it can enable ill-advised behavior.”On Sunday, the first day of the Dubai Air Show, Emirates airline ordered 40 Boeing 787-10s when it had been expected to order Airbus A380s, or at least to consider A350s. The reversal, wrote aerospace consultant Scott Hamilton, was “a stinging defeat for Airbus.”It was not until Tuesday that Airbus announced its first Dubai order, as Kuwaiti carrier Wataniya Airways committed to 25 A320neos. “Before the Wataniya deal, Airbus found itself in the unusual situation of not having a single buyer after two days, with just two days left to avoid its biggest commercial humiliation in years,” Bloomberg reported.Obviously the 787 is in ascent, recognized as the principal aircraft development of the 21st century and even chipping away at its $30 billion in deferred costs.All of the 787-10s ordered by Emirates will be built at Boeing’s North Charleston, South Carolina plant, where in February Boeing easily defeated a unionization bid, boosting its ability to play off South Carolina against Washington, where its plants are heavily unionized and where it has built airplanes for a century.Trump, who had blasted Boeing during his presidential campaign, visited the North Charleston plant in February for the 787-10 rollout, a testament to CEO Dennis Muilenburg’s diplomacy skills.The latest example of the Boeing/Trump alliance came last week, when the president, on a visit to Beijing, announced $250 billion in trade deals with China. Boeing’s share was $37 billion in orders.But most of the jets were not newly ordered. “As is typical with state visits of foreign leaders to China, the announcement includes jet deals that were either ordered long ago or are not yet firm orders,” The Seattle Times reported.More troubling is the battle Boeing picked with Canadian aircraft manufacturer Bombardier. The battle made collateral damage of Delta’s order for 75 Bombardier CS-100s, even though Delta has been one of Boeing’s biggest customers.Delta CEO Ed Bastian spoke to reporters at Delta media day in October. He said he was “mystified” by Boeing’s action. “I don’t get it,” he said.The CS-100, now slated to be assembled at the Airbus site in Mobile, Ala., is “a plane with over 50% in U.S. content,” said Bastian, who added that may be more U.S. content than the 787 has.Does the Bombardier battle show that Boeing has waded too far out?Of course, an alliance with the U.S. president is desirable, but Boeing’s interests may not match up with an American First agenda.  For one thing the largest U.S. exporter, accounting for 4% of all U.S. exported goods, would seem uniquely vulnerable to a trade war.In Aboulafia’s view, Boeing makes a mistake when it seems “to curry political favor by pandering to economic nationalism and [aligning] with a bunch of protectionists.“To be fair, quite a lot of that is driven by fear, not greed,” he said. “There’s some opportunism, but a lot of it is fear.”