Lots of sunshine. High 71F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph..Partly cloudy this evening, then becoming cloudy after midnight. Low 56F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 30, 2017 @ 1:56 pmStudents interact with Boeing Co. workers during a Boeing Days program at the Phoenix Empowerment Center in Myrtle Beach. The aerospace giant established the program to promote education and help students learn more about advanced manufacturing careers in South Carolina. Provided/Boeing Co.Tommy Preston, who leads the Boeing Days community outreach program for Boeing South Carolina, explains how the aerospace manufacturer uses robotics to assemble the 787 Dreamliner during a visit with students at the Phoenix Empowerment Center in Myrtle Beach. Provided/Boeing Co. Students interact with Boeing Co. workers during a Boeing Days program at the Phoenix Empowerment Center in Myrtle Beach. The aerospace giant established the program to promote education and help students learn more about advanced manufacturing careers in South Carolina. Provided/Boeing Co.Tommy Preston, who leads the Boeing Days community outreach program for Boeing South Carolina, explains how the aerospace manufacturer uses robotics to assemble the 787 Dreamliner during a visit with students at the Phoenix Empowerment Center in Myrtle Beach. Provided/Boeing Co. What began as a one-time meeting with Beaufort County officials to update them on Boeing Co.'s work in the Lowcountry has evolved into the aerospace giant's full-time effort to develop a workforce pipeline for South Carolina's growing advanced manufacturing sector."People heard about that first meeting and, after that, we started getting requests from churches and community groups that wanted to learn more about Boeing," said Tommy Preston, director of national strategy and engagement for Boeing's campus in North Charleston. "From there, it just exploded."Boeing Days, as the outreach program is now called, recently hit a milestone of making presentations in every one of South Carolina's 46 counties, making contact with more than 21,000 students and 3,600 community leaders in its first year and a half.Preston and other Boeing workers meet with school groups, politicians, church congregations, civic organizations — anyone who wants to know what Boeing is doing in South Carolina and what needs to be done to prepare the next generation for high-tech jobs in the state's growing aerospace and automotive sectors. One of the key messages is that today's manufacturing jobs aren't the same as they were decades ago.Preston said many parents of today's school-age children still think of manufacturing "as textiles and factories and the experiences their parents and grandparents had.""So it's been neat for us to have an opportunity to show communities what advanced manufacturing really looks like," he said. "To talk about automation and additive manufacturing and robotics and the new processes that we have in our facility."Boeing often sends its engineers, airplane mechanics and information technology staff into schools to give students a firsthand account of what their jobs are like. If there's a Boeing supplier in the area — there are about 300 of them statewide — they might send a representative to show Boeing's impact in the students' backyard. Or, on occasion, workers with other advanced manufacturers — such as those in automaker BMW's Upstate plant — will join the program.The presentations are visual and hands-on. They can include such things as students designing their own paper airplanes to see how well they fly to demonstrations of how tools and parts can be made with a 3-D printer."The neatest part of this program is watching the enthusiasm of the kids that we come in contact with," Preston said. "Not only do they learn about our company, sometimes for the first time, but we really do emphasize the fact that they can also be employees in places like Boeing. For some communities, where some of these kids don't see opportunity beyond what's in front of them, it's great to expand their horizons a bit."The aerospace firm also provides materials that teachers can use throughout the school year that emphasize science, technology, engineering and math skills."We want to get kids excited about STEM-based careers," Preston said. "Whether it's Boeing or one of the other manufacturers, the important thing is building our future workforce."Bobby Hitt, the state's Commerce Secretary, said manufacturing employment in South Carolina has grown 17 percent since 2011, and companies like Volvo Cars and Mercedes-Benz Vans, which are building facilities in the Charleston region, will need thousands of workers in coming years."To ensure continued economic success, it’s critical that we introduce and prepare our future workforce for the career opportunities available to them," he said.As the program embarks on its second phase, Preston said there will be closer collaboration with the Commerce Department's group of regional workforce advisers whose mission is to bridge gaps between local schools and businesses. Other groups, such as the Future Makers workforce development branch of the South Carolina Manufacturers Alliance and web-based recruiting tool STEM Premier, will provide support along with the state's technical schools."Advanced manufacturing is changing so rapidly that the skills being taught today might not be the ones that are needed tomorrow," Preston said. "The state's technical schools are clearly thinking about jobs of the future and the skills their students will need."While the initiative started as way for Boeing to promote the work it does, it has evolved into a statewide initiative that Joan Robinson-Berry, vice president and general manager at Boeing South Carolina, says will continue to be a high priority for the aerospace firm."Community engagement isn’t a 'check-the-box' activity," Robinson-Berry said. "Engagement is an ongoing process, and Boeing will continue to be actively engaged with business, community, education and religious leaders across the state."Boeing is one of the Charleston region's largest employers, with about 6,900 workers and contractors. In addition to its Dreamliner facility, the company has a research campus and sites that design and build engine parts for the 737 MAX and interior parts for 787 cabins.Reach David Wren at 843-937-5550 or on Twitter at @David_Wren_
                                    
                                        Whenever David Wren posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
                                    
                                Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.Post and Courier
134 Columbus Street
Charleston, SC 29403Phone: 843-577-7111News tips/online questions: webteam@postandcourier.comDelivery/subscription questions: subserve@postandcourier.com