Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.Americas+1 212 318 2000EMEA+44 20 7330 7500Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000Is Ping An Insurance (Group) Co. turning into another Tencent Holdings Ltd.?That might seem like a bizarre question for a three-decade-old company from the stodgy world of insurance, but Ping An is starting to behave more like a tech stock as it embarks on a digital expansion into new business areas.Ping An shares have soared 122 percent this year, almost keeping pace with the 127 percent rally by Tencent, which this week became the first Chinese internet company to join the exclusive club of global technology giants with a market value of more than $500 billion. Ping An's online ambitions have been central to the growing fervor for its stock. Based like Tencent in the southern city of Shenzhen, China's second-largest insurer is mimicking its neighbor with a strategy that seeks to insert itself into more aspects of its customers' lives.The company has created four "major ecosystems" spanning financial services, health, autos and real estate. Its hit online offerings include Lufax, one of the nation's largest peer-to-peer lenders; OneConnect, which offers AI-powered services such as distribution channels and risk management to financial companies; Pinganfang, an online realtor; and the Good Doctor app, which offers free diagnosis and medical appointments.Deutsche Bank AG on Monday raised its target price on Ping An to HK$106.1, about 35 percent above the stock's close on Friday, saying the OneConnect initiative could help it become a capital-light financial platform "if successful."It's the "if successful" part that's telling. Investors are treating what's still largely an insurer and a bank, subject to capital and other prudential rules, as a regulation-lite tech company. To be sure, Ping An has advantages. Founded in 1988, the insurer has more than 130 million customers and has amassed a wealth of financial and other data on them that technology rivals can only envy. Ping An also counts the Shenzhen government as a shareholder and so has the goodwill that state links can entail.Moreover, it has the support of a thriving core business. Insurance is growing in China, and a government crackdown on sales of high-risk products by the likes of Anbang Insurance Group Co. has pushed consumers back into the arms of major firms such as China Life Insurance Co. and Ping An.Protection policies that Beijing is keen to encourage, such as those covering critical illness, accounted for 66 percent of Ping An's new business value in the first half, according to Bloomberg Intelligence.To justify its surging price, Ping An may have to emulate another Tencent model and list its technology operations. A series of Tencent-linked companies have floated this year, including China Literature Ltd. and ZhongAn Online P&C Insurance Co., helping to juice returns for the internet behemoth. A listing by Lufax has been awaited for at least two years.Ping An has spent more than 50 billion yuan ($7.5 billion) on technology research and development in the past decade: IPOs would demonstrate tangible returns from this investment. Jason Yao, the insurer's chief financial officer, told reporters this week it will "actively consider" spinning off its technology and internet units, without giving a time frame. Ping An's tech buildout shows promise, but it remains overwhelmingly an insurance company. Investors should be careful not to let their enthusiasm run ahead of reality.This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners.