Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!Sun Life Financial Inc. ( SLF  ) will begin trading ex-dividend on November 28, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.358 per share is scheduled to be paid on December 29, 2017. Shareholders who purchased SLF prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This represents an 2.58% increase over prior dividend payment. At the current stock price of $39.8, the dividend yield is 3.6%.The previous trading day's last sale of SLF was $39.8, representing a -1.9% decrease from the 52 week high of $40.57 and a 23.53% increase over the 52 week low of $32.22.SLF is a part of the Finance sector, which includes companies such as China Life Insurance Company Limited ( LFC  ) and Prudential Public Limited Company ( PUK  ). SLF's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $3.3. Zacks Investment Research reports SLF's forecasted earnings growth in 2017 as 3.27%, compared to an industry average of 12.1%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit the SLF Dividend History  page. Our  Dividend Calendar  has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.