




 



 News provided byNov 10, 2017, 10:29 ET Share this articleROCHESTER, N.Y., Nov. 10, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Paychex, Inc., a leading provider of integrated human capital management solutions for payroll, HR, retirement, and insurance services, today announced it has pledged its support to helping veterans find meaningful employment opportunities by joining the Veteran Jobs Mission, a coalition of more than 230 private-sector employers committed to collectively hiring more than 1 million U.S. military veterans. In addition to the company's commitment to recruiting talent with military experience, as a member of the Veteran Jobs Mission, Paychex will also work to increase its focus on retention and career development opportunities for veteran employees. "As a leader in the HR and payroll services industry, serving more than 600,000 clients nationwide, Paychex is supported by a team of innovators and creative problem-solvers, many of whom are former or active members of the military," said Laurie Zaucha, vice president of human resources and organizational development at Paychex. "Paychex is proud to join the Veteran Jobs Mission coalition and is committed to expanding employment opportunities for those who served our country as a member of the United States Armed Forces."    There are a number of benefits military veterans bring to employers, including strong character, adaptability, and leadership skills. However, many struggle to find work when they return to civilian life, or have a difficult time identifying an employer that allows their unique skillset to shine. "I joined Paychex in 2008 after working as a district manager for a national retailer," said Gigi DeGaine Roland, HR Services area manager at Paychex. "I chose Paychex because of its reputation as a top place to work. My military service and past management roles helped prepare me to lead in a company comprised of dynamic and talented team members. I lead by the words of the Army Cadet Creed of 'Mission First, People Always' and find it applicable not only in the military, but also at Paychex."In addition to participating in the Veteran Jobs Mission coalition, Paychex will participate in the Jeans for Troops Day event held by the GI Go Fund, a nonprofit charitable organization that provides assistance to all military veterans by helping them find employment, access housing, and secure educational and health benefits. Employees will have an opportunity to donate money to wear jeans on Veterans Day, with a matching contribution made by the company with a grant from the Paychex Charitable Foundation. The company will also recognize Veterans Day by taking part in NASDAQ's Closing Bell Ceremony on November 10, joining representatives from 50 publicly-traded companies who have pledged to hire veterans in the coming year. For more information regarding employment opportunities for military veterans at Paychex, visit www.paychex.com/careers/military-veterans. About Paychex Paychex, Inc. (NASDAQ:    PAYX) is a leading provider of integrated human capital management solutions for payroll, HR, retirement, and insurance services. By combining its innovative software-as-a-service technology and mobility platform with dedicated, personal service, Paychex empowers small- and medium-sized business owners to focus on the growth and management of their business. Backed by 45 years of industry expertise, Paychex serves approximately 605,000 payroll clients as of May 31, 2017, across more than 100 locations and pays one out of every 12 American private sector employees. Learn more about Paychex by visiting www.paychex.com, and stay connected on Twitter and LinkedIn.Media Contacts Lisa Fleming Paychex, Inc.  585-387-6402 lfleming@paychex.com  @PaychexNews View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/paychex-demonstrates-its-commitment-to-veteran-employment-with-participation-in-the-veteran-jobs-mission-300553888.htmlSOURCE Paychex, Inc.
http://www.paychex.com
Nov 13, 2017, 13:05 ETPreview: Paychex Recognized as Provider of Best HR Outsourcing for Small Businesses by Inc.comNov 09, 2017, 10:28 ETPreview: Paychex Honored Among Best Places to Work in Insurance for Third Consecutive Year More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 10, 2017, 10:29 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat