
Oro Bulletin
Checking on current RSI levels on shares of Paychex Inc (PAYX), the 14-day RSI is currently standing at 69.94, the 7-day is at 77.21, and the 3-day is resting at 92.66. Relative Strength Index (RSI) is a frequently used technical analysis tool. RSI helps measure changes in price movement of a specific equity. RSI is a momentum oscillator that moves in a range from 0 to 100. RSI is generally used to interpret whether a stock is overbought or oversold. As a general rule, an RSI over 70 may indicate an overbought situation. On the other end of the spectrum, a reading under 30 may indicate an oversold situation.Paychex Inc (PAYX) currently has a 14-day Commodity Channel Index (CCI) of 225.29. Active investors may choose to use this technical indicator as a stock evaluation tool. Used as a coincident indicator, the CCI reading above +100 would reflect strong price action which may signal an uptrend. On the flip side, a reading below -100 may signal a downtrend reflecting weak price action. Using the CCI as a leading indicator, technical analysts may use a +100 reading as an overbought signal and a -100 reading as an oversold indicator, suggesting a trend reversal. Shares of Paychex Inc (PAYX) have a 200-day moving average of 59.00. The 50-day is 63.33, and the 7-day is sitting at 65.49. Using a bigger time frame to assess the moving average such as the 200-day, may help block out the noise and chaos that is often caused by daily price fluctuations. In some cases, MA’s may be used as strong reference points for spotting support and resistance levels. The Average Directional Index or ADX is technical analysis indicator used to describe if a market is trending or not trending. The ADX alone measures trend strength but not direction. Using the ADX with the Plus Directional Indicator (+DI) and Minus Directional Indicator (-DI) may help determine the direction of the trend as well as the overall momentum. Many traders will use the ADX alongside other indicators in order to help spot proper trading entry/exit points. Currently, the 14-day ADX for Paychex Inc (PAYX) is 49.12. Generally speaking, an ADX value from 0-25 would indicate an absent or weak trend. A value of 25-50 would indicate a strong trend. A value of 50-75 would signal a very strong trend, and a value of 75-100 would indicate an extremely strong trend. The Williams Percent Range or Williams %R is another technical indicator that may be useful for traders and investors. The Williams %R is designed to provide a general sense of when the equity might have reached an extreme and be primed for a reversal. As a general observance, the more overbought or oversold the reading displays, the more likely a reversal may take place. The 14 day Williams %R for Paychex Inc (PAYX) is noted at -6.47. Many consider the equity oversold if the reading is below -80 and overbought if the indicator is between 0 and -20.Investors may be looking for the next positive catalyst to create a solid breakout. Some may be wondering when the party will end, and it remains to be seen if excess and profit-taking rotation may create any pullbacks in the upcoming quarter. Investors may have to make a decision whether to ease-up or stay aggressive. Investors may also be closely watching winners and losers, especially in the technology sector. Understanding and researching the space may be highly important when managing the investment portfolio. The key for investors will be to try and locate the winners in the space and find the companies that are either creating new technology or adapting to it rapidly.    

