 Assessing Lam Research Corporation’s (NASDAQ:LRCX) past track record of performance is an insightful exercise for investors. It allows us to reflect on whether or not the company has met or exceed expectations, which is a great indicator for future performance. Today I will assess LRCX’s recent performance announced on 24 September 2017 and evaluate these figures to its long-term trend and industry movements. Check out our latest analysis for Lam Research  I look at the ‘latest twelve-month’ data, which either annualizes the most recent 6-month earnings update, or in some cases, the most recent annual report is already the latest available financial data. This blend allows me to assess different companies on a similar basis, using the latest information. Lam Research’s latest earnings is $2,025M, which, against the prior year’s figure, has escalated by more than double. Given that these figures are relatively short-term, I’ve estimated an annualized five-year value for Lam Research’s earnings, which stands at $671M. This shows that, on average, Lam Research has been able to consistently raise its bottom line over the past couple of years as well.  While past data is useful, it doesn’t tell the whole story. While Lam Research has a good historical track record with positive growth and profitability, there’s no certainty that this will extrapolate into the future. You should continue to research Lam Research to get a better picture of the stock by looking at: 1. Future Outlook: What are well-informed industry analysts predicting for LRCX’s future growth? Take a look at our free research report of analyst consensus for LRCX’s outlook.2. Financial Health: Is LRCX’s operations financially sustainable? Balance sheets can be hard to analyze, which is why we’ve done it for you. Check out our financial health checks here.3. Other High-Performing Stocks: Are there other stocks that provide better prospects with proven track records? Explore our free list of these great stocks here.Expertise: Financial statement analysis, mergers and acquisitionsInvestment style: High conviction, buy and hold, valueBrandie is a self-taught investor that has been investing in equity markets since she was a junior in university and continues to keep a keen eye on the stock market. Having obtained a wealth of financial knowledge over the years, Brandie enjoys helping new investors make rational investing decisions. Reach Brandie at brandie.wetzel@simplywallst.com.Try us out now!