




 




          Autodesk partners with Village Capital to create a workforce development initiative through Autodesk Foundation; and teams up with LinkedIn Learning to unlock more than 40 current skills courses for technical jobs
         News provided byNov 14, 2017, 14:45 ET Share this articleLAS VEGAS, Nov. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Autodesk University -- Autodesk, Inc. (Nasdaq:    ADSK) has formed a new partnership with Village Capital to fund the creation of their workforce development and transition initiative, focused on entrepreneurship, job training, and upskilling in a world of automation. The company is also teaming up with LinkedIn Learning to offer free access to more than 40 courses in multiple languages, relevant to the architecture, infrastructure, construction, and manufacturing industries. Technology can accelerate solutions to our most pressing problems, such as anticipated global population growth of 30 percent by 2050, but only if people are prepared work with machines in new ways. These are the latest moves in Autodesk's efforts to prepare the workforce to thrive in a future that will require people to make and build more, do it better, and with less negative impact on the world. Village Capital Initiative to Support Workforce Development Autodesk Foundation will fund and support a new initiative from Village Capital to catalyze ventures using automation to positively impact the development of the workforce. This initiative seeks to identify and nurture early-stage companies harnessing artificial intelligence and robotics to positively impact the workforce through increased efficiency, augmentation, and upskilling. The initiative will culminate in a one-day forum with Autodesk Foundation and Village Capital. The intent of this forum is to gather an elite group of early-stage companies leveraging artificial intelligence (AI), robotics, and automation to free up workers to engage in work activities that require higher-order thinking and augment existing workforces in industries where there are labor shortages, such as caregiving and manufacturing. Village Capital finds, trains, and invests in entrepreneurs solving real-world problems. They build communities around entrepreneurs and their ventures to improve opportunities for growth and success. LinkedIn Learning Unlocks More Than 40 Industry Skills CoursesIn collaboration with LinkedIn Learning, an online learning platform that combines Lynda.com's world-class content with the power of LinkedIn's network, more than 40 courses relevant to the architecture, infrastructure, construction, and manufacturing industries, including courses on leading Autodesk software, will be unlocked for 90 days from the announcement on Tuesday, November 14. These courses train the in-demand skills needed for the artificial intelligence and automation-enabled future of work. Courses range from construction management, to product design and certification prep, and are available in 5 languages including English, Spanish, French, German, and Japanese. More details and a full list of the free courses can be found on the LinkedIn Learning blog. "In an increasingly automated world, technology companies, including Autodesk, have a responsibility to help workers gain the new skills that allow them to take advantage of, and participate in, the future of making things," said Andrew Anagnost, president and chief executive officer of Autodesk. "That's why we're excited to announce two new initiatives at Autodesk University, with partners LinkedIn Learning and Village Capital, that will help people embrace automation to grow their careers and solve more complicated problems."Autodesk's Learning EcosystemAutodesk currently offers a multitude of resources to help students and professionals engage in continuous learning to advance their careers in industries augmented by automation. The company is helping to prepare an industry ready workforce by equipping them with the real-world design tools, content, training, and curricula to solve real-world challenges and upskill for the jobs of tomorrow. Resources include free software, events and facilities, and online curricula. See the attached infographic for data on each of these programs:About AutodeskAutodesk makes software for people who make things. If you've ever driven a high-performance car, admired a towering skyscraper, used a smartphone, or watched a great film, chances are you've experienced what millions of Autodesk customers are doing with our software. Autodesk gives you the power to make anything. For more information visit autodesk.com or follow @autodesk. Autodesk and the Autodesk logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of Autodesk, Inc., and/or its subsidiaries and/or affiliates in the USA and/or other countries. All other brand names, product names or trademarks belong to their respective holders. Autodesk reserves the right to alter product and services offerings, and specifications and pricing at any time without notice, and is not responsible for typographical or graphical errors that may appear in this document. © 2017 Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved. View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/autodesk-moves-to-upskill-industry-workforce-to-thrive-in-the-age-of-automation-300555495.htmlSOURCE Autodesk, Inc.
http://www.autodesk.com
Nov 15, 2017, 16:55 ETPreview: Autodesk and Esri Partnering to Advance Infrastructure Planning and DesignNov 13, 2017, 12:00 ETPreview: Autodesk Previews Next Generation BIM 360 Platform Connecting the Entire Construction Process More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 14, 2017, 14:45 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat