Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!  For Immediate Release Chicago, IL - November 27, 2017 - Zacks.com announces the list of stocks featured in the Analyst Blog. Every day the Zacks Equity Research analysts discuss the latest news and events impacting stocks and the financial markets. Stocks recently featured in the blog include  BP plc BP  , Sinopec SNP  , Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM  and CNOOC Ltd. CEO  . Here are highlights from Friday's Analyst Blog:   Invest in These 4 Large-Cap Oil Stocks  The oil market has finally recovered from their historic lows with prices stabilizing above the $50 a barrel threshold mark. The commodity pricing environment has been improving, courtesy of tightening supplies, rising demand and OPEC-deal extension talks. Recently, crude touched $58.02 per barrel, higher than last year's average mark of $43.29, per the U.S. Energy Information Administration. The benchmark was buoyed by the fact that commercial inventories actually dropped after notching up successive weekly builds, as per the U.S. Energy Department's inventory release.Adding to the positive momentum, OPEC and fellow exporters announced plans to remain open to extend their production-cut agreement beyond March. Some cartel members, including less compliant nations like Iraq, have also signaled another round of supply cuts. Energy bodies OPEC and IEA recently raised global oil demand forecasts for the year, helping to tighten the market significantly.All these factors point toward the growing stability of the oil industry for the balance of 2017, and buoy optimism for the industry's growth in 2018. A Guide to Judicious Investment While some investors prefer to maximize value by investing in smaller companies due to potential growth opportunities, others prefer companies with a greater market cap which can provide a safer, more consistent investment. These large cap companies enjoy leading market positions, have a global footprint, strong cash positions and are large enough to remain stable even in the face of unfavorable events. These stocks prove to be more sustainable and profitable for the long-term providing a reliable backbone to any portfolio. These firms also pay high dividends which provide the investors with a steady stream of income, which can easily be reinvested in an effort to boost returns.With the help of our  Style Score system  , we have identified four large-cap stocks which are also value picks.  Value investing offers an opportunity to enter the market and pick stocks that have otherwise been overlooked by a majority of investors, and are thus trading at cheap multiples. Our research shows that stocks with Value Style Scores of A or B when combined with a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy) or 2 (Buy) offer great investment opportunities. You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)   stocks here   . 4 Valuable Picks We have highlighted 4 large-cap stocks (which according to our model have a market cap of more than $5 billion) in the Oil-Energy Sector with Zacks Rank #1 or #2. Further these stocks provide a respectable dividend yield and carry a Value Style Score of A or B.Headquartered in London  BP plc  , an integrated major, has a market cap of 131 billion and sports a Zacks Rank #1 and Value Score of B. Most importantly for income investors, BP currently offers a dividend yield of 5.98%, higher than the 4.3% yield of the broader industry, courtesy of the company's secure and stable operations. BP has a strong portfolio of upstream projects that are expected to fetch significant cash flows. Followed by the robust third-quarter results, BP became the first European oil major to resume share repurchase since the 2014 oil slump. China Petroleum and Chemical Corporation   - also known as  Sinopec  - is a Zacks Rank #1 stock. The Chinese energy giant has a Value Score of A and a current market cap of $87 billion. The company's dividend yield currently sits at 4.94%, higher than 2.2% yield for the industry. Sinopec has made major progress in identifying attractive and economically viable oil and natural gas reserves.The company's large scale oil discoveries, especially in the Shengli field and Junggar Basin, will support long-term production. Since 2015, the company's cash balance has jumped from $1.6 billion to $24.3 billion reflecting balance sheet strength. Exxon Mobil Corp.  with a market cap of 343 billion and a Zacks Rank #2. ExxonMobil has a leading position in the energy industry owing to the size and diversity of its asset base, both in terms of business mix and geographical footprint. With a stable cash position, the company's balance sheet is one of the best in the industry, reflecting declining debt load over the first nine months of 2017.The company carries a Value Score of B and a dividend yield of 3.8%.Chinese state-controlled energy company  CNOOC Ltd.  which is a major producer of crude oil and natural gas and the only company permitted to conduct exploration and production activities with international oil and gas companies, offshore China. The company with a market cap of 61 billion flaunts a Zacks Rank #1. The low leverage and high liquidity ratios provide the company with ample flexibility to tap on growth opportunities. The company carries a Value Score of B with a dividend yield of 3.57%. More Stock News: This Is Bigger than the iPhone! It could become the mother of all technological revolutions. Apple sold a mere 1 billion iPhones in 10 years but a new breakthrough is expected to generate more than 27 billion devices in just 3 years, creating a $1.7 trillion market.Zacks has just released a Special Report that spotlights this fast-emerging phenomenon and 6 tickers for taking advantage of it. If you don't buy now, you may kick yourself in 2020.  Click here for the 6 trades >>   Want more stock market analysis from this author? Make sure   to follow @      Ryan_McQueeney     on Twitter!  Wall Street's Next Amazon Zacks EVP Kevin Matras believes this familiar stock has only just begun its climb to become one of the greatest investments of all time. It's a once-in-a-generation opportunity to invest in pure genius.  Click for details >>  Follow us on Twitter:  http://twitter.com/zacksresearch Join us on Facebook:  http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/pages/Zacks-Investment-Research/57553657748?ref=ts Zacks Investment Research is under common control with affiliated entities (including a broker-dealer and an investment adviser), which may engage in transactions involving the foregoing securities for the clients of such affiliates.Media ContactZacks Investment Research800-767-3771 ext. 9339    support@zacks.com     http://www.zacks.com Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Inherent in any investment is the potential for loss .  This material is being provided for informational purposes only and nothing herein constitutes investment, legal, accounting or tax advice, or a recommendation to buy, sell or hold a security. No recommendation or advice is being given as to whether any investment is suitable for a particular investor. It should not be assumed that any investments in securities, companies, sectors or markets identified and described were or will be profitable. All information is current as of the date of herein and is subject to change without notice. Any views or opinions expressed may not reflect those of the firm as a whole. Zacks Investment Research does not engage in investment banking, market making or asset management activities of any securities. These returns are from hypothetical portfolios consisting of stocks with Zacks Rank = 1 that were rebalanced monthly with zero transaction costs. These are not the returns of actual portfolios of stocks. The S&P 500 is an unmanaged index. Visit  http://www.zacks.com/performance  for information about the performance numbers displayed in this press release.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.