Find the best broker for your trading or investing needsHedge fund billionaire Bill Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management exited stock positions in the third quarter 2017 that reduced the value of its U.S. long portfolio by 15%, from $6.01 billion to $5.11 billion, according to a 13F filing dated Nov. 14. A Pershing rep said the portfolio doesn't include all of Pershing Square’s positions. "For example, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are not 13F​ securities, so they aren’t included in the filing," he said.As of the end of the third quarter, Ackman's largest holdings were Automatic Data Processing (ADP), Mondelez International Inc. (MDLZ) and Restaurant Brands International Inc. (QSR.TO).Ackman is still reeling from a spate of negative publicity surrounding his failed investment in Valeant Pharmaceuticals (VRX). (See also: Bill Ackman's Greatest Hits and Misses.)Ackman was also recently involved in a heated proxy battle with Automatic Data Processing. (See more: Bill Ackman Loses Bid for ADP Board Seats.)Ackman's investments are highly concentrated. Besides their investments in stocks and partner stakes, Pershing Square also invests capital drawn from Pershing Square Holdings, a separate public entity.Pershing Square Holdings has failed to outperform the S&P 500 on a consistent basis since it launched at the end of 2012. Meanwhile, the flagship fund, which was launched in 2004, has a much better track record, with average returns per year around 20%.Over the course of Q3, Ackman took on no new stakes. He eliminated positions in Nomad Foods Ltd. (NOMD) and in Air Products & Chemicals (APD). Pershing first revealed holdings in NOMD in June 2015, when it took a 22% ownership stake in the company.As of the end of Q2 of 2017, Pershing controlled about 19%, or roughly 33.33 million shares, of Nomad Foods. Over the course of Q3, Ackman sold off his position in Nomad for $13.50 to $15.49 a share.Ackman made several adjustments to his pre-existing holdings over the course of the previous quarter. For example, he quadrupled his holdings in Automatic Data Processing over the course of the past quarter. It's likely that this will have changed at this point, however, as Ackman lost his proxy battle with the company several weeks ago, meaning his board of directors nominees were rejected.Pershing Square sold off about one-third of its holdings of Restaurant Brands International over the past quarter, realizing massive gains in the process. Pershing maintains an 11% ownership of the business overall, and QSR is still the largest holding in the 13F portfolio. Additionally, Ackman sold roughly 4% of his shares in Mondelez International, which constitutes about 11% of his total portfolio.The dramatic drop in portfolio value is not the good news that Ackman has been searching for in the past quarters. What will happen to Pershing Square remains to be seen.13F filings are required of any hedge fund managing more than $100 million in assets at the end of each quarter. They are due 45 days from the end of the quarter, which is why investors are advised to take the information contained within them with some added perspective. Holdings and investment interests can change dramatically in the span of days or even hours, so a six-week delay means the information may no longer be accurate.Want to learn how to invest?Delivered twice a week, straight to your inbox.