Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!Consistently, one of the more popular stocks people enter into their stock options watchlist  at Stock Options Channel is Sirius XM Holdings Inc (Symbol: SIRI). So this week we highlight one interesting put contract, and one interesting call contract, from the January 2020 expiration for SIRI. The put contract our YieldBoost algorithm identified as particularly interesting, is at the $4 strike, which has a bid at the time of this writing of 20 cents. Collecting that bid as the premium represents a 5% return against the $4 commitment, or a 2.3% annualized rate of return (at Stock Options Channel we call this the YieldBoost  ).      Turning to the other side of the option chain, we highlight one call contract of particular interest for the January 2020 expiration, for shareholders of Sirius XM Holdings Inc (Symbol: SIRI) looking to boost their income beyond the stock's 0.8% annualized dividend yield. Selling the covered call at the $7 strike and collecting the premium based on the 44 cents bid, annualizes to an additional 3.8% rate of return against the current stock price (this is what we at Stock Options Channel refer to as the YieldBoost  ), for a total of 4.6% annualized rate in the scenario where the stock is not called away. Any upside above $7 would be lost if the stock rises there and is called away, but SIRI shares would have to advance 29.1% from current levels for that to occur, meaning that in the scenario where the stock is called, the shareholder has earned a 37.3% return from this trading level, in addition to any dividends collected before the stock was called.      Top YieldBoost SIRI Calls » 
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.