Merger chatter around Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI) and Pandora Media Inc (NYSE: P) largely fizzled with the latter’s strategic investment.But some on the Street still see the potential for a buyout.BMO Capital analyst Daniel Salmon upgraded Pandora to Outperform and lowered his price target from $11 to $7.SiriusXM’s $480 million investment deal precludes incremental purchases of Pandora shares for a little over a year. But the terms leave room for an outright buyout, Salmon said in  a Thursday note. (See Salmon's track record here.)SiriusXM could be incentivized by the opportunity in Pandora to transition from satellite to internet protocol content delivery, integration of a strong advertising business and access to a wider audience to leverage in label and automaker negotiations, the analyst said. The takeover possibility — just 16 percent, by Salmon’s estimates — drives BMO’s strongest bull case for a $12 Pandora value.But Salmon sees greater likelihood in alternatives. Considering potential trend permutations in active-user growth, subscription sales and ad spending, BMO sees:Success in Pandora’s subscription services, expected boosts in audio ads and expansion of non-music content offerings justify BMO’s new Buy rating, Salmon said. “We generally agree with consensus that P may lack near-term catalysts, but believe some underlying secular trends and changes to the business model are being underappreciated."The ratings change prompted a 4-percent spike in Pandora’s stock. At the time of publication, shares were trading up 3.2 percent at a rate of $5.09, while Sirius traded marginally higher at $5.41.Related Links:
JPMorgan Downgrades Pandora, Says Turnaround Will Take Patience
Pandora's Turnaround Could Take Some Time; Stifel Downgrades
View More Analyst Ratings for P

View the Latest Analyst Ratings
Posted-In: BMO Capital Daniel Salmon Pandora SiriusXMUpgrades Price Target Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga© 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.