




 




          Distinguished Stanford University alumni engage in conversations about their life stories, lessons learned, and building personal paths to successHosted by Howard Wolf, Stanford's head of Alumni Affairs, 'Stanford Pathfinders' to launch on November 18Confirmed guests include Philip Knight, co-founder of Nike; Jerry Yang, co-founder and former CEO of Yahoo!; Ruth Porat, Chief Financial Officer for Google; and Mike McFaul, former Ambassador to Russia
         News provided byNov 16, 2017, 10:45 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, Nov. 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- SiriusXM announced today the launch of "Stanford Pathfinders," a new bi-weekly show with some of Stanford University's most prominent alumni, featuring in-depth conversations about their life stories and paths to success. "Stanford Pathfinders," part of SiriusXM's joint venture with Stanford University, will premiere on SiriusXM Insight channel 121 starting November 18, 2017 at 10:00 am ET. Hosted by Howard Wolf, Stanford University Vice President for Alumni Affairs and President of the Stanford Alumni Association, the exclusive series will feature Nike co-founder and Chairman Emeritus, Philip Knight, as its first guest."Stanford's alumni body is blessed with some truly amazing people who have lived wonderfully fascinating lives," said Howard Wolf.  "'Stanford Pathfinders' will provide a special opportunity for these Stanford stalwarts to share their insights and experiences and I'm thrilled to bring their stories to SiriusXM listeners.""With its inspiring conversations, 'Stanford Pathfinders' is sure to offer SiriusXM listeners stimulating stories from some of today's most notable minds," said Scott Greenstein, President and Chief Content Officer, SiriusXM. "From leading business people to philanthropists and civil servants, SiriusXM listeners will benefit from these leaders' personal stories and strategies for success." "Stanford Pathfinders" will feature engaging dialogues with some of Stanford University's most distinguished alumni who have gone on to become leaders in their respective areas including politics, entertainment, sports, technology, and more.  Additional confirmed guests include co-founder and former CEO of Yahoo! Jerry Yang; Chief Financial Officer of Google, Ruth Porat, and former Ambassador to Russia, Mike McFaul.    SiriusXM's Stanford Radio also airs The Future of Everything and School's In at 11:00 am ET on Saturdays and 12:00 pm ET on Sundays.Howard Wolf has led the Stanford Alumni Association since 2001.  He earned his bachelor's degree in psychology from Stanford in 1980 and his MBA from Harvard in 1985. Before his appointment as Vice President for Alumni Affairs and President, Stanford Alumni Association, he worked as both an entrepreneur and business manager in the publishing and commercial real estate development and management industries. About SiriusXMSirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:    SIRI) is the world's largest radio company measured by revenue and has approximately 32.2 million subscribers. SiriusXM creates and offers commercial-free music; premier sports talk and live events; comedy; news; exclusive talk and entertainment, and a wide-range of Latin music, sports and talk programming. SiriusXM is available in vehicles from every major car company and on smartphones and other connected devices as well as online at siriusxm.com. SiriusXM radios and accessories are available from retailers nationwide and online at SiriusXM. SiriusXM also provides premium traffic, weather, data and information services for subscribers through SiriusXM Traffic™, SiriusXM Travel Link, NavTraffic®, NavWeather™. SiriusXM delivers weather, data and information services to aircraft and boats through SiriusXM Aviation™ and SiriusXM Marine™. In addition, SiriusXM Music for Business provides commercial-free music to a variety of businesses. SiriusXM holds a minority interest in SiriusXM Canada which has approximately 2.8 million subscribers. SiriusXM is also a leading provider of connected vehicles services, giving customers access to a suite of safety, security, and convenience services including automatic crash notification, stolen vehicle recovery assistance, enhanced roadside assistance and turn-by-turn navigation.To download SiriusXM logos and artwork, visit http://www.siriusxm.com/LogosAndPhotos. This communication contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions with respect to future operations, products and services; and other statements identified by words such as "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimated," "believe," "intend," "plan," "projection," "outlook" or words of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: our substantial competition, which is likely to increase over time; our ability to attract and retain subscribers, which is uncertain; interference to our service from wireless operations; consumer protection laws and their enforcement; unfavorable outcomes of pending or future litigation; the market for music rights, which is changing and subject to uncertainties; our dependence upon the auto industry; general economic conditions; the security of the personal information about our customers; existing or future government laws and regulations could harm our business; failure of our satellites would significantly damage our business; the interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems; our failure to realize benefits of acquisitions or other strategic initiatives; rapid technological and industry changes; failure of third parties to perform; our failure to comply with FCC requirements; modifications to our business plan; our indebtedness; our principal stockholder has significant influence over our affairs and over actions requiring stockholder approval and its interests may differ from interests of other holders of our common stock; impairment of our business by third-party intellectual property rights; and changes to our dividend policies which could occur at any time. Additional factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and available at the SEC's Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof, and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this communication.Source: SiriusXMMedia contacts: Michelle Dominguez, SiriusXM 212.901.6792 Michelle.Dominguez@siriusxm.com View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/stanford-pathfinders-to-launch-on-siriusxm-300557780.htmlSOURCE Sirius XM Holdings Inc.
http://www.siriusxm.com
Nov 16, 2017, 14:30 ETPreview: LL COOL J to Present His Own Curated Classic Hip-Hop Channel "Rock The Bells" Exclusively on SiriusXMNov 14, 2017, 17:27 ETPreview: Barstool Sports To Launch New 24/7 Channel on SiriusXM More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 16, 2017, 10:45 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat