




 




          Barstool Radio on SiriusXM to launch on satellite radios and on the SiriusXM app in January
         News provided byNov 14, 2017, 17:27 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, Nov. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- SiriusXM and Barstool Sports, a leading comedy, sports and men's lifestyle brand, are teaming up to launch a new 24/7 channel on SiriusXM, starting in January, 2018.  The Barstool Radio on SiriusXM channel will air nationwide on satellite radios and on the SiriusXM app, and will showcase the site's funny, irreverent and unfiltered approach to covering sports, men's lifestyle, popular culture and more. The news was announced yesterday by Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy.  Portnoy's announcement can be viewed here: http://bit.ly/2zDQKLm.Last December, SiriusXM and Barstool teamed up to launch a daily show, Barstool Radio on SiriusXM, hosted by Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, Kevin "KFC" Clancy and additional Barstool personalities.  The new daily lineup on the Barstool Radio on SiriusXM channel will feature Barstool Radio, a rotation of existing Barstool podcasts and new, original shows. Additional details on that programming will be announced at a later date.Barstool has a very unique and compelling voice in today's media landscape and SiriusXM's uncensored national platform is the perfect way for that voice to reach and interact live with fans across the country.  The daily Barstool Radio show that launched a year ago has been very well received and the new channel will deliver Barstool's brand of entertainment to SiriusXM listeners on a much larger scale 365 days a year."We're excited to build on our relationship with SiriusXM. They've been big believers in our brand and our voice," said Dave Portnoy, Barstool Sports' Founder. "The results already speak for themselves this past year and the sky is the limit with this channel."About Barstool SportsBarstool Sports is the leading face and era of comedy and a driving force in sports, entertainment and men's culture. Created in 2004, Barstool has generated a massive cult following of loyal fans across its blog, podcasts, video series, events and appearances. It is the fastest growing brand in social media for men ages 18-34 with a following of 12 million. Barstool and its personalities have launched over 17 hit podcasts including "Pardon My Take," "Fore Play," "The Rundown," "Zero Blog Thirty" and "Podfathers" and created the viral trends Saturdays Are for the Boys and RIP Harambe. Barstool has partnerships with Facebook and Snapchat where they air original shows "The Starting 9" and "Barstool 5th Year." For Super Bowl LI, Barstool made its television premiere on Comedy Central with "The Barstool Rundown: Live from Houston" which was the No. 1 show on late night television throughout its four day run. Known for its original takes and unfiltered view of most everything, Barstool Sports is the controversial brand that people love or love to hate.About SiriusXMSirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ:    SIRI) is the world's largest radio company measured by revenue and has approximately 32.2 million subscribers. SiriusXM creates and offers commercial-free music; premier sports talk and live events; comedy; news; exclusive talk and entertainment, and a wide-range of Latin music, sports and talk programming. SiriusXM is available in vehicles from every major car company and on smartphones and other connected devices as well as online at siriusxm.com. SiriusXM radios and accessories are available from retailers nationwide and online at SiriusXM. SiriusXM also provides premium traffic, weather, data and information services for subscribers through SiriusXM Traffic™, SiriusXM Travel Link, NavTraffic®, NavWeather™. SiriusXM delivers weather, data and information services to aircraft and boats through SiriusXM Aviation™ and SiriusXM Marine™. In addition, SiriusXM Music for Business provides commercial-free music to a variety of businesses. SiriusXM holds a minority interest in SiriusXM Canada which has approximately 2.8 million subscribers. SiriusXM is also a leading provider of connected vehicles services, giving customers access to a suite of safety, security, and convenience services including automatic crash notification, stolen vehicle recovery assistance, enhanced roadside assistance and turn-by-turn navigation.To download SiriusXM logos and artwork, visit http://www.siriusxm.com/LogosAndPhotos. This communication contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions with respect to future operations, products and services; and other statements identified by words such as "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimated," "believe," "intend," "plan," "projection," "outlook" or words of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: our substantial competition, which is likely to increase over time; our ability to attract and retain subscribers, which is uncertain; interference to our service from wireless operations; consumer protection laws and their enforcement; unfavorable outcomes of pending or future litigation; the market for music rights, which is changing and subject to uncertainties; our dependence upon the auto industry; general economic conditions; the security of the personal information about our customers; existing or future government laws and regulations could harm our business; failure of our satellites would significantly damage our business; the interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems; our failure to realize benefits of acquisitions or other strategic initiatives; rapid technological and industry changes; failure of third parties to perform; our failure to comply with FCC requirements; modifications to our business plan; our indebtedness; our principal stockholder has significant influence over our affairs and over actions requiring stockholder approval and its interests may differ from interests of other holders of our common stock; impairment of our business by third-party intellectual property rights; and changes to our dividend policies which could occur at any time. Additional factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and available at the SEC's Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof, and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this communication.Source: SiriusXMMedia contacts:Andrew FitzPatrickSiriusXM212-901-6693Andrew.Fitzpatrick@SiriusXM.comALISON BROD MARKETING + COMMUNICATIONS212-230-1800Barstool@AlisonBrodMC.comView original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/barstool-sports-to-launch-new-247-channel-on-siriusxm-300556054.htmlSOURCE Sirius XM Holdings Inc.
http://www.siriusxm.com
Nov 16, 2017, 10:45 ETPreview: "Stanford Pathfinders" to Launch on SiriusXMNov 09, 2017, 10:08 ETPreview: Taylor Swift to Perform on SiriusXM More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 14, 2017, 17:27 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat