MIDLAND, Mich. & WILMINGTON, Del.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--DowDuPont (NYSE: DWDP):

Third Quarter 2017 Highlights

            In millions, except per share amounts
          
Strategic Updates

CEO Quote

      “We delivered top- and bottom-line growth in the third quarter – a solid 
      start for our newly-formed company. Our operating earnings increase was 
      the result of broad-based demand growth in most of our core end-markets 
      and disciplined margin management, which more than offset several 
      headwinds, from multiple hurricanes to higher feedstock costs and a 
      delayed start to the summer agriculture season in Brazil,” said Ed 
      Breen, chief executive officer of DowDuPont. “Moreover, we delivered 
      these results while advancing several value-creating initiatives, 
      including: closing the merger, completing our comprehensive portfolio 
      review, and defining the new synergy targets for each division. Going 
      forward, you should expect us to remain focused on executing on our $3 
      billion cost synergy commitment and advancing preparations to create 
      three focused growth companies in Agriculture, Materials Science, and 
      Specialty Products.”
    
Third Quarter Segment Information

Agriculture

      The segment reported pro forma net sales of $1.9 billion, down from $2.0 
      billion in the year-ago period. Pro forma volume and pro forma local 
      price declines of 5 percent and 4 percent, respectively, more than 
      offset portfolio and currency benefits.
    
      Volume and pricing headwinds were driven by weakness in Latin America as 
      sales channels continue to hold high inventory levels of crop protection 
      products. Additionally, an expected reduction in corn area in Brazil, as 
      well as a delayed start to its summer season, impacted sales in the 
      region. These headwinds were partly offset by continued penetration of 
      new products, including ArylexTM herbicide, Vessarya® 
      fungicide, Leptra® corn hybrids and IsoclastTM 
      insecticide.
    
      Portfolio gains in the quarter reflect the Dow AgroSciences corn seed 
      remedy in Brazil, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter. Per 
      Securities & Exchange Commission guidelines, the results of the Brazil 
      corn remedy have been removed from pro forma results prior to the merger 
      close date but will remain in reported results from the merger close 
      date until the transaction has closed.
    
      Pro forma operating EBITDA for the segment was a loss of $239 million, 
      versus a loss of $172 million in the year-ago period. Lower product 
      costs, favorable currency, portfolio changes and lower pension/OPEB 
      costs were more than offset by reduced volume and price, particularly 
      due to weakness in Brazil.
    
Materials Science

Performance Materials & Coatings

      Performance Materials & Coatings reported pro forma net sales of $2.2 
      billion, up from $2.0 billion in the year-ago period. Pro forma net 
      sales growth of 8 percent was primarily driven by gains in both 
      businesses as well as double-digit growth in EMEA. Pro forma local price 
      increased 6 percent, with gains in all geographies and both businesses. 
      Pro forma volume grew 1 percent.
    
      Consumer Solutions delivered sales growth in all businesses, led by 
      volume gains in most geographies, increased local pricing and 
      disciplined price/volume management in upstream silicone intermediate 
      products. Coatings & Performance Monomers achieved higher sales, as 
      local price increases in all geographies more than offset a modest 
      decline in volume due to hurricane-related lost sales and the business’s 
      actions to preferentially shed lower margin business.
    
      Pro forma operating EBITDA increased to $487 million, up from $345 
      million in the year-ago period. The increase primarily reflected the 
      continued realization of cost synergies related to the integration of 
      the silicones business, increased pricing and consumer demand.
    
      Pro forma equity earnings for the segment totaled $39 million, compared 
      with $31 million in the year-ago period.
    
Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure

      Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure reported pro forma net sales 
      of $3.2 billion, up from $2.8 billion in the year-ago period. The 
      segment achieved pro forma net sales growth of 16 percent, with gains in 
      all geographies. Pro forma local price rose 12 percent. Pro forma volume 
      grew 3 percent.
    
      Polyurethanes & Chlor-Alkali and Vinyl (CAV) grew sales on double-digit 
      gains in all geographies. Polyurethanes reported strong demand and price 
      increases in downstream, higher-margin systems applications and higher 
      merchant sales of methylene diphenyl diisocyanate (MDI) where industry 
      supply/demand fundamentals remained tight, in part due to 
      hurricane-related supply disruptions in the United States. CAV achieved 
      double-digit sales gains in vinyl chloride monomer and caustic soda, 
      resulting from tighter supply/demand fundamentals, especially in EMEA. 
      Industrial Solutions also delivered sales gains, led by glycol ethers, 
      ethylene glycol and oxo alcohols in consumer-driven market segments of 
      electronics processing and food and pharmaceutical applications. These 
      gains more than offset lower sales of heat transfer fluids in 
      project-driven concentrated solar power applications and 
      hurricane-related supply constraints. Construction Chemicals achieved 
      sales growth driven by demand for methyl cellulosics in EMEA and 
      acrylics-based products in North America. Energy Solutions reported 
      lower sales from reduced project activity in energy market sectors, in 
      part due to hurricane-related disruptions in the United States.
    
      The segment achieved pro forma operating EBITDA of $676 million, up from 
      $401 million in the year-ago period, as pricing momentum, higher equity 
      earnings and broad-based demand growth more than offset the impact of 
      higher raw material costs, as well as hurricane-related repair costs and 
      lost production in North America.
    
      Pro forma equity earnings for the segment totaled $41 million, compared 
      with a pro forma equity loss of $7 million in the year-ago period. The 
      improvement was driven by the Kuwait joint ventures as a result of 
      higher monoethylene glycol (MEG) pricing.
    
Packaging & Specialty Plastics

      The Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment reported pro forma net sales 
      of $5.5 billion, up from $5.1 billion in the year-ago period. The 
      segment achieved pro forma net sales growth of 8 percent, primarily 
      driven by pro forma volume growth of 6 percent, with gains in most 
      geographic areas. Pro forma local price rose 1 percent, led by higher 
      cracker co-product values.
    
      The Packaging and Specialty Plastics business grew volume on continued 
      consumer-led demand across key end-markets, driven by higher sales in 
      Asia Pacific and EMEA, which were primarily enabled by a ramp-up in 
      Sadara volume. Notable demand highlights included double-digit volume 
      growth in health and hygiene end-markets in the Americas; strong demand 
      in food and specialty packaging solutions, particularly in Asia Pacific; 
      and greater use of elastomers in packaging and footwear applications. 
      Polyethylene and ethylene copolymers sales volume in North America and 
      Latin America declined year-over-year, impacted by the hurricane-related 
      production disruptions in the United States. Sales into wire and cable 
      applications were impacted globally as a result of hurricane-related 
      supply limitations at the business’s assets in Texas.
    
      Pro forma operating EBITDA for the segment was $1.1 billion, down from 
      $1.4 billion in the year-ago period. Volume growth, local price gains 
      and higher equity earnings were more than offset by increased feedstock 
      costs, hurricane-related repair costs and lost production in the United 
      States, and commissioning and startup costs for the U.S. Gulf Coast 
      growth projects.
    
      Pro forma equity earnings for the segment were $66 million, up from $44 
      million in the year-ago period, primarily driven by improved Sadara 
      contributions on higher sales of polyethylene.
    
Specialty Products

Electronics & Imaging

      Electronics & Imaging delivered pro forma net sales of $1.2 billion, up 
      from $1.1 billion in the year-ago period. Pro forma net sales growth of 
      5 percent was led by pro forma volume gains of 13 percent, which more 
      than offset pro forma local price decline of 2 percent and a 6 percent 
      negative pro forma impact from portfolio. Price declines were driven by 
      pressure in photovoltaics and advanced printing applications.
    
      The segment achieved broad-based volume growth across key end-markets, 
      led by double-digit gains in semiconductor, consumer electronics, 
      industrial, photovoltaics and display end-markets across almost all 
      geographies, primarily in Asia Pacific. Continued demand for mobile 
      phones and other consumer electronics, as well as automotive 
      applications drove sales gains. Increased semiconductor content in 
      end-use applications drove strong demand in both memory and logic market 
      segments. Growth in photovoltaics led by demand for Tedlar® 
      film was partially offset by declines in Solamet® paste. The 
      portfolio impact from the sales of Display Films and the Authentications 
      business also negatively impacted results.
    
      Pro forma operating EBITDA for the segment was $382 million, up from 
      $341 million in the year-ago period as broad-based volume growth, mix 
      enrichment and lower pension/OPEB costs more than offset lower local 
      price and a negative impact from portfolio.
    
Nutrition & Biosciences

      Nutrition & Biosciences reported pro forma net sales of $1.5 billion, 
      flat with the year-ago period. Pro forma net sales were even as a 1 
      percent benefit from currency was offset by a 1 percent negative impact 
      from portfolio.
    
      Sales growth in Industrial Biosciences was offset by declines in the 
      Nutrition & Health business. Industrial Biosciences gains were led by 
      double-digit growth in demand for microbial control solutions in energy 
      markets in North America, continued growth in biomaterials on local 
      pricing gains and strength in apparel markets, as well as increased 
      demand for bioactives in animal nutrition markets. In Nutrition & 
      Health, continued growth in probiotics was more than offset by declines 
      in protein solutions and systems and texturants due to weakness in 
      global packaged food markets and specific actions taken to exit 
      low-margin market segments. The negative portfolio impact was driven by 
      the sale of the Diagnostic business, which also impacted Nutrition & 
      Health results.
    
      Pro forma operating EBITDA for the segment was $315 million, down from 
      $321 million in the year-ago period as growth in Industrial Biosciences 
      and lower pension/OPEB costs were more than offset by declines in 
      Nutrition & Health.
    
Transportation & Advanced Polymers

      Transportation & Advanced Polymers achieved pro forma net sales of $1.3 
      billion, up from $1.2 billion in the year-ago period. Pro forma net 
      sales grew 9 percent, led by pro forma volume growth of 5 percent as 
      well as pro forma local price gains of 3 percent, with gains in most 
      geographies. Growth was led by strong demand from the automotive market, 
      particularly in Asia Pacific and EMEA, and demand from electronics and 
      industrial markets.
    
      Volume growth was driven by strength in the automotive market as demand 
      for engineering polymers, structural adhesives and MolyKote® 
      lubricants outpaced global autobuild rates. Volume gains were also 
      achieved by Kalrez® and Vespel® high-performance 
      parts as strength in the aerospace and electronics markets remained 
      robust.
    
      Pro forma operating EBITDA increased to $325 million, up from $303 
      million in the year-ago period. Volume and pricing gains and lower 
      pension/OPEB costs more than offset higher raw material costs.
    
Safety & Construction

      The Safety & Construction segment reported pro forma net sales of $1.3 
      billion, up from $1.2 billion in the year-ago period. The segment 
      delivered pro forma net sales growth of 6 percent, driven by a pro forma 
      volume increase of 6 percent, with gains in all geographies. Regionally, 
      volume gains came from Nomex® thermal apparel in North 
      America, Kevlar® high-strength materials in Asia Pacific and 
      Latin America, and Tyvek® protective materials for graphics 
      and house wrap in EMEA and Asia Pacific.
    
      Stronger demand from industrial markets, particularly oil and gas, 
      contributed to double-digit gains in Nomex® thermal-resistant 
      garments and mid-single-digit gains in Kevlar® high-strength 
      materials, including umbilicals for deep sea drilling, as well as higher 
      sales of intermediates. Mid-single-digit gains in Tyvek® 
      protective materials reflected growth in graphics and house wraps. 
      Double-digit volume increases in water filtration reflected gains in 
      reverse osmosis membranes, due to strong demand from industrial markets, 
      as well as recent capacity increases. Building solutions sales rose 
      modestly due to local price.
    
      Pro forma operating EBITDA rose to $351 million, compared with $282 
      million in the year-ago period. Volume gains, lower pension/OPEB costs 
      and improved plant performance more than offset the impact of higher raw 
      material costs. The segment also benefited from one-time gains of $30 
      million, primarily associated with the benefit related to an acquisition.
    
Outlook

      “Consumer-led demand continues to drive global economic activity, which 
      remains robust across most major economies, including Europe, China and 
      the United States. Our demand outlook is positive for the majority of 
      our key end-markets,” said Andrew Liveris, executive chairman of 
      DowDuPont. “We still see some market headwinds, the most notable for us 
      being in agriculture where we continue to closely monitor the situation 
      in Brazil due to the slow start to the summer season. But we remain 
      confident that we will have a solid year across our newly combined Ag 
      division.
    
      “Looking forward, DowDuPont has all the levers it needs to execute our 
      near-term priorities: delivering earnings and cash flow growth; 
      executing our cost synergy actions and realizing the savings; advancing 
      stand-up activities for the intended growth companies; and unlocking the 
      shareholder value creation envisaged through this historic transaction.”
    
Conference Call

      The Company will host a live 
      webcast of its third quarter earnings conference call with investors 
      to discuss its results, business outlook and other matters today at 8:00 
      a.m. ET. The slide presentation that accompanies the conference call 
      will be posted on the DowDuPont Investor Relations events and 
      presentations page. 
      A replay of the webcast will also be available on the investor events 
      and presentations page of www.dow-dupont.com.
    
About DowDuPont™

      DowDuPont (NYSE: DWDP) is a holding company comprised of The Dow 
      Chemical Company and DuPont with the intent to form strong, independent, 
      publicly traded companies in agriculture, materials science and 
      specialty products sectors that will lead their respective industries 
      through productive, science-based innovation to meet the needs of 
      customers and help solve global challenges. For more information, please 
      visit us at www.dow-dupont.com.

Cautionary Statement About Forward-Looking Statements

      This communication contains “forward-looking statements” within the 
      meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the 
      Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities 
      Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In this context, forward-looking 
      statements often address expected future business and financial 
      performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as 
      “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “seek,” “see,” 
      “will,” “would,” “target,” similar expressions, and variations or 
      negatives of these words.
    
      On December 11, 2015, The Dow Chemical Company (“Dow”) and E. I. du Pont 
      de Nemours and Company (“DuPont”) announced entry into an Agreement and 
      Plan of Merger, as amended on March 31, 2017, (the “Merger Agreement”) 
      under which the companies would combine in an all-stock merger of equals 
      transaction (the “Merger Transaction”). Effective August 31, 2017, the 
      Merger Transaction was completed and each of Dow and DuPont became 
      subsidiaries of DowDuPont Inc. (“DowDuPont”). For more information, 
      please see each of DowDuPont’s, Dow’s and DuPont’s latest annual, 
      quarterly and current reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, as the case 
      may be, and the joint proxy statement/prospectus included in the 
      registration statement on Form S-4 filed by DowDuPont with the SEC on 
      March 1, 2016 (File No. 333-209869), as last amended on June 7, 2016, 
      and declared effective by the SEC on June 9, 2016 (the “Registration 
      Statement”) in connection with the Merger Transaction.
    
      Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to 
      different degrees, uncertain, including the intended separation of 
      DowDuPont’s agriculture, materials science and specialty products 
      businesses in one or more tax efficient transactions on anticipated 
      terms (the “Intended Business Separations”). Forward-looking statements 
      are not guarantees of future performance and are based on certain 
      assumptions and expectations of future events which may not be realized. 
      Forward-looking statements also involve risks and uncertainties, many of 
      which are beyond the company’s control. Some of the important factors 
      that could cause DowDuPont’s, Dow’s or DuPont’s actual results to differ 
      materially from those projected in any such forward-looking statements 
      include, but are not limited to: (i) successful integration of the 
      respective agriculture, materials science and specialty products 
      businesses of Dow and DuPont, including anticipated tax treatment, 
      unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, 
      earnings, productivity actions, economic performance, indebtedness, 
      financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management 
      strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the combined 
      operations; (ii) impact of the divestitures required as a condition to 
      consummation of the Merger Transaction as well as other conditional 
      commitments; (iii) achievement of the anticipated synergies by 
      DowDuPont’s agriculture, materials science and specialty products 
      businesses; (iv) risks associated with the Intended Business 
      Separations, including those that may result from the comprehensive 
      portfolio review undertaken by the DowDuPont board, changes and timing, 
      including a number of conditions which could delay, prevent or otherwise 
      adversely affect the proposed transactions, including possible issues or 
      delays in obtaining required regulatory approvals or clearances related 
      to the Intended Business Separations, disruptions in the financial 
      markets or other potential barriers; (v) the risk that disruptions from 
      the Intended Business Separations will harm DowDuPont’s business (either 
      directly or as conducted by and through Dow or DuPont), including 
      current plans and operations; (vi) the ability to retain and hire key 
      personnel; (vii) potential adverse reactions or changes to business 
      relationships resulting from the completion of the merger or the 
      Intended Business Separations; (viii) uncertainty as to the long-term 
      value of DowDuPont common stock; (ix) continued availability of capital 
      and financing and rating agency actions; (x) legislative, regulatory and 
      economic developments; (xi) potential business uncertainty, including 
      changes to existing business relationships, during the pendency of the 
      Intended Business Separations that could affect the company’s financial 
      performance and (xii) unpredictability and severity of catastrophic 
      events, including, but not limited to, acts of terrorism or outbreak of 
      war or hostilities, as well as management’s response to any of the 
      aforementioned factors. These risks, as well as other risks associated 
      with the merger and the Intended Business Separations, are more fully 
      discussed in (1) the Registration Statement and (2) the current, 
      quarterly and annual reports filed with the SEC by DowDuPont and to the 
      extent incorporated by reference into the Registration Statement, by Dow 
      and DuPont. While the list of factors presented here is, and the list of 
      factors presented in the Registration Statement are, considered 
      representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete 
      statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may 
      present significant additional obstacles to the realization of 
      forward-looking statements. Consequences of material differences in 
      results as compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking 
      statements could include, among other things, business disruption, 
      operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties 
      and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on 
      DowDuPont’s, Dow’s or DuPont’s consolidated financial condition, results 
      of operations, credit rating or liquidity. None of DowDuPont, Dow or 
      DuPont assumes any obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates 
      to any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new 
      information, future developments or otherwise, should circumstances 
      change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable 
      laws.
    
      The Dow Diamond, DuPont Oval logo, DuPont™ and all products, unless 
      otherwise noted, denoted with ™, ℠or ® are trademarks or registered 
      trademarks of The Dow Chemical Company, E. I. du Pont de Nemours and 
      Company or their affiliates.
    
Merger of Equals

      Effective August 31, 2017, pursuant to the merger of equals transaction 
      contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 
      11, 2015, as amended on March 31, 2017 (the "Merger Agreement"), The Dow 
      Chemical Company ("Dow") and E. I. du Pont de Nemours & Company 
      ("DuPont") each merged with subsidiaries of DowDuPont, Inc. ("DowDuPont" 
      or the "Company") and, as a result, Dow and DuPont became subsidiaries 
      of DowDuPont Inc. (the "Merger"). Dow was determined to be the 
      accounting acquirer in the Merger and, as a result, the historical 
      financial statements of Dow, prepared under U.S. generally accepted 
      accounting principles ("U.S. GAAP"), for the periods prior to the Merger 
      are considered to be the historical financial statements of DowDuPont.
    
Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information

      In order to provide the most meaningful comparison of results of 
      operations and results by segment, supplemental unaudited pro forma 
      financial information has been included in the following financial 
      schedules. The unaudited pro forma financial information is based on the 
      historical consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of 
      both Dow and DuPont and has been prepared to illustrate the effects of 
      the Merger, assuming the Merger had been consummated on January 1, 2016. 
      For all periods presented, adjustments have been made for (1) the 
      preliminary purchase accounting impact, (2) accounting policy alignment, 
      (3) eliminate the effect of events that are directly attributable to the 
      Merger Agreement (e.g., one-time transaction costs), (4) eliminate the 
      impact of transactions between Dow and DuPont, and (5) eliminate the 
      effect of consummated or probable and identifiable divestitures agreed 
      to with certain regulatory agencies as a condition of approval for the 
      Merger. The unaudited pro forma financial information was based on and 
      should be read in conjunction with the separate historical financial 
      statements and accompanying notes contained in each of the Dow and 
      DuPont Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual Reports on Form 10-K 
      for the applicable periods. The pro forma financial statements were 
      prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X.
    
      The unaudited pro forma financial information has been presented for 
      informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what 
      DowDuPont's results of operations actually would have been had the 
      Merger been completed as of January 1, 2016, nor is it indicative of the 
      future operating results of DowDuPont. The unaudited pro forma financial 
      information does not reflect any cost or growth synergies that DowDuPont 
      may achieve as a result of the Merger, future costs to combine the 
      operations of Dow and DuPont or the costs necessary to achieve any cost 
      or growth synergies.
    
Non-GAAP Financial Measures

      This earnings release includes information that does not conform to U.S. 
      GAAP and are considered non-GAAP measures. These measures include the 
      Company's pro forma consolidated results and pro forma earnings per 
      share on an adjusted basis, which excludes the after-tax impact of pro 
      forma significant items and the after-tax impact of pro forma 
      amortization expense associated with DuPont's intangible assets. 
      Management uses these measures internally for planning, forecasting and 
      evaluating the performance of the Company's segments, including 
      allocating resources. DowDuPont's management believes that these 
      non-GAAP measures best reflect the ongoing performance of the Company 
      during the periods presented and provide more relevant and meaningful 
      information to investors as they provide insight with respect to ongoing 
      operating results of the Company and a more useful comparison of 
      year-over-year results. These non-GAAP measures supplement the Company's 
      U.S. GAAP disclosures and should not be viewed as an alternative to U.S. 
      GAAP measures of performance. Furthermore, such non-GAAP measures may 
      not be consistent with similar measures provided or used by other 
      companies.
    
            Pro forma earnings per common share from continuing operations - 
            diluted
          
             
          
            - Earnings per common share impact of pro forma significant items, 
            after-tax 1

             
          
            - Earnings per common share impact of pro forma amortization of 
            DuPont's intangible assets, after-tax
          
             
          
            Pro forma adjusted earnings per common share from continuing 
            operations - diluted (Non-GAAP) 2

             
          
Pro Forma Operating EBITDA 1 by 
            Segment 2

DowDuPont Inc.

Selected Pro Forma Financial Information and Non-GAAP Measures

Non-GAAP Measures

            charges - net 9

DowDuPont Inc.

      ®™ Trademark of The Dow Chemical Company ("Dow") or E. I. du Pont de 
      Nemours and Company ("DuPont") or affiliated companies of Dow or DuPont.
    

      DowDuPontMediaRachelle Schikorraryschikorra@dow.com+1 
      989-638-4090orDan Turnerdaniel.a.turner@dupont.com+1 
      302-996-8372
    

      DowDuPontMediaRachelle Schikorraryschikorra@dow.com+1 
      989-638-4090orDan Turnerdaniel.a.turner@dupont.com+1 
      302-996-8372
    
