




 




          Miceli will lead TD's state-wide Commercial and Retail businesses
         News provided byNov 29, 2017, 11:33 ET Share this articleCHERRY HILL, N.J., Nov. 29, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank®, today announced the appointment of Nick Miceli to Regional President, Florida. Miceli will oversee TD Bank's commercial, retail, small business, specialty banking operations and lending services throughout the state. "I'm thrilled to take on this role to further our increasing business in Florida," said Miceli. "Our team in Florida has achieved significant growth, and I look forward to joining the team. Similarly, I'm quite eager to engage with our communities throughout Florida, and partner to provide our local customers, businesses and organizations with the support and service they've come to expect from TD." Most recently, Miceli spent nearly ten years as Commercial Market President for TD Bank in New Jersey. He joined TD Bank in 1998 as Middle Market Lender and was named Regional Vice President of Essex County, N.J. in 2003. Prior to joining TD Bank, Miceli held positions with legacy Bank of America organizations."Nick's leadership has been critical to the success of the Central New Jersey market through organic and de novo growth," said Ernie Diaz, Head of Consumer Distribution at TD Bank. "He is well regarded as a dynamic leader who lives by TD Bank values and delivers exceptional service to our customers and employees alike. I have the utmost confidence that he will excel in his new role and lead the Florida region to unparalleled success.""We've built excellent relationships with commercial partners throughout Florida, and Nick is certainly up to the task of continuing to establish TD as a meaningful, valuable partner within Florida's business community," said Chris Giamo, Head of Commercial Banking, TD Bank. A passionate community leader, Miceli serves on several boards, including The New Jersey Performing Arts Center, Special Olympics New Jersey, Rutgers Business School, WBGO Newark Public Radio, Jazz House Kids and Caucus Education Corporation.Miceli holds a bachelor's degree in business management and marketing from Rutgers University. Miceli will be based in South Florida.About TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank® TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 9 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at more than 1,200 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth®, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. To learn more, visit www.tdbank.com. Find TD Bank on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TDBank and on Twitter at www.twitter.com/TDBank_US.TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is a member of TD Bank Group and a subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank of Toronto, Canada, a top 10 financial services company in North America. The Toronto-Dominion Bank trades on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges under the ticker symbol "TD". To learn more, visit www.td.com.  View original content with multimedia:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/td-bank-names-nick-miceli-as-regional-president-florida-300563680.htmlSOURCE TD Bank
http://www.TDBank.com
Nov 27, 2017, 09:04 ETPreview: American Shoppers Expect to Spend At Least $500 In 2017 Holiday Season, TD Bank Survey Finds More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 29, 2017, 11:33 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat