Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.There are currently no items in this Watchlist.Create a list of the investments you want to track.Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.Tencent Holdings Ltd. claimed another milestone on Tuesday: The Chinese tech giant is now bigger than Facebook Inc. by market value.PetroChina, which reported sharply higher third-quarter earnings Monday, has a lot of attractive features—state financial backing, enormous reserves, and a near-monopoly in the world’s most-important natural gas growth market. But policy and market forces are shifting against it.Activists are insisting that the $4 trillion money manager divest from companies that finance or otherwise support brutal regimes.With Saudi Arabia bleeding market share in both of the world’s top oil consumers, pitching a public offering to investors may prove difficult. A big private placement with brawny Chinese bidders—reportedly in the works—might do the trick.  China’s twice-a-decade Communist Party reshuffle this month will hand even more power to President Xi Jinping, whose emerging grand strategy for managing the economy—and avoiding a debt crisis—will shape global asset markets for years to come.Total, Chevron, PetroChina may take over Majnoon oilfield, Iraq minister saysIn the week that started November 20, 2017, Total Fina Elf SA (TOT) was at the top of the list of gainers from the integrated energy group.Reuters: China's CNPC interested in Iraq's Majnoon oilfieldBrazil's giant Libra field produces first oilOil: Still Bearish?Three dead due to apparent gas leak at PetroChina refineryCenovus Energy is the biggest loser this week from the integrated energy sector. It has fallen from last week’s close of $11.26 to $10.17 on November 15.Value ETFs and Stocks to Buy on Tax Cut Delay ConcernsCenovus Energy (CVE) is at the top of the list of gainers from the integrated energy group this week.Cheniere Energy signs MOU to sell liquefied natural gas to ChinaIn the third quarter, Shell reduced its net debt by ~$10 billion compared to 3Q16 to $68 billion. It generated huge operating cash flows of ~$7.6 billion.Russia's energy ministry estimates that the country’s crude oil exports rose 2% or by 160,000 bpd (barrel per day) in the first nine months of 2017.Royal Dutch Shell (RDS.A) announced its 3Q17 earnings on November 2, 2017, before the market opened. Shell stock opened at $62.9 per share.In the previous part of this series, we looked at analyst ratings for BP (BP). In this part, we'll look at changes in BP’s implied volatility. Argus: Venezuela's PDVSA offers refinery assets to China, RussiaExxonMobil (XOM) reported its earnings on October 27, 2017. That day, implied volatility in XOM fell 1.3% to 11.4% compared to the previous day.PetroChina, which reported sharply higher third-quarter earnings Monday, has a lot of attractive features—state financial backing, enormous reserves, and a near-monopoly in the world’s most-important natural gas growth market. But policy and market forces are shifting against it.On October 27, 2017, ExxonMobil (XOM) stock closed at $83.70, which was 0.30% higher than its previous day’s close.Bloomberg: PetroChina still not a buy after losing $800B in market valueActivists are insisting that the $4 trillion money manager divest from companies that finance or otherwise support brutal regimes.Global Base Oil Market is Projected to Reach US$ 41 Billion By 2021Naphtha Market: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023Propane Market: Global Industry Analysis, Trends, Market Size & Forecasts to 2023Recon Technology Reports Financial Results for Fiscal Year 2017 Highlighted by 40% Revenue Increase Driven by Traditional and Oilfield Waste Water Treatment Business GrowthRecon Announces New Contracts for Oil and Gas Internet of Things Production Projects for PetroChina Changqing Oilfield CompanyEarnings Review and Free Research Report: PetroChina's H1 Top-line Rose 32% Y-o-YDividend Coverage: This Major Integrated Oil & Gas Stock Declared a Special Dividend Alongside its Interim Dividend; Will Trade Ex-Dividend on September 06, 2017
            
            PetroChina Co. Ltd. engages in the exploration, development, production and sale of crude oil and natural gas. The company also involves in the refining of crude oil and petroleum products, production and marketing of primary petrochemical products, derivative chemical products and other chemical products. it operates its business through five segments: exploration and production, refining and chemicals, marketing, natural gas and pipeline, and other. The exploration and production segment is engaged in the exploration, development, production and marketing of crude oil and natural gas. The refining and chemicals segment is engaged in the refining of crude oil and petroleum products, production and marketing of primary petrochemical products, and derivative petrochemical products and other chemical products. The marketing segment is engaged in the marketing of refined products and the trading of crude oil and petrochemical products. The natural gas and pipeline segment is engaged in the transmission of natural gas, crude oil and refined products and the sale of natural gas. The Other segment relates to cash management and financing activities, the corporate center, research and development, and other business services supporting the operating business segments of the company. PetroChina was founded on November 5, 1999 and is headquartered in Beijing, China.

            
            (See Full Profile)
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                    By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service,
                    Privacy Policy, and 
                    Cookie Policy.
                
                    Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use.
                    Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information.
                    All quotes are in local exchange time.
                    Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only.
                    Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
                