Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.There are currently no items in this Watchlist.Create a list of the investments you want to track.Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.Petrobras (PBR) holds a 40% operated interest in the Libra field ??? one of the largest discoveries in Brazil with recoverable oil resources in the range of 7.9-15 billion barrels.CNOOC Limited Announces Weizhou 12-2 oil field Phase II Project Commences ProductionBrazil's giant Libra field produces first oilThe Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: BP, Sinopec, Exxon Mobil and CNOOCCNOOC Limited Announces Libra Block in Brazil Start ProductionLarge cap stocks prove to be more sustainable and profitable for the long-term providing a reliable backbone to any portfolio. CNOOC’s (CEO) Solid Quant Score Keep it a BuyBP is reportedly planning to acquire a stake in Cairn Energy's oil assets for about $600 million.Earnings Visibility Make CNOOC (CEO) a BuyCenovus Energy is the biggest loser this week from the integrated energy sector. It has fallen from last week’s close of $11.26 to $10.17 on November 15.S.A.C. Capital Advisors (Hong Kong) Ltd. Buys Yum China Holdings Inc, Wynn Resorts, New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc, Sells Baidu Inc, Alibaba Group Holding, Momo IncMetrics for Earnings Visibility Drive Upgrade of CNOOC (CEO) to BuySolid Earnings Visibility Metrics Drive Ranking of CNOOC (CEO) to BuyChina's dominant oil and gas producer, PetroChina (PTR), said third-quarter net profit jumped 290%, fueled by higher oil prices and stringent cost cuts.Shell winning bids expand pre-salt growth in deep-water BrazilOil sands production expansion seen slowing by half in 2019, ESAI saysCNOOC Limited Announces Key Operational Statistics for Q3 2017Suncor files for permit for new Alberta oil sands projectOf the eight analysts covering CVR Refining (CVRR), one has rated it a "strong buy," six have rated it a "hold," and one has rated it a "sell."This week, which started on October 9, 2017, China National Offshore Oil (CEO) is at the top of the list of gainers in the integrated energy sector.CNOOC Limited Announces Weizhou 12-2 oil field Phase II Project Commences ProductionCNOOC Limited Announces Libra Block in Brazil Start ProductionA.M. Best Affirms Credit Ratings of ICM Assurance LtdPrimeline Update on Interim Injunction Against CNOOC and CCLPrimeline Update on CNOOC Arbitration and Application for Interim Injunction Against CNOOC and CCLIR Magazine Awards - Greater China 2017 Short Lists AnnouncedThermal Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) Market Report 2017-2027CNOOC Limited Announces Key Operational Statistics for Q3 2017Phenol & Acetone Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022CNOOC signs PSC with SK
            
            CNOOC Ltd. is an investment holding company, engages in the exploration, development, production, and sale of crude oil, natural gas, and other petroleum products. It operates through the following segments: Exploration and Production, Trading Business, and Corporate. Its core operations areas is comprised of Bohai, Western South China Sea, Eastern South China Sea, East China Sea, Asia, Africa, North America, South America, Oceania, and Europe. The company was founded on August 20, 1999 and is headquartered in Hong Kong.

            
            (See Full Profile)
Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                    By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service,
                    Privacy Policy, and 
                    Cookie Policy.
                
                    Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use.
                    Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information.
                    All quotes are in local exchange time.
                    Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only.
                    Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
                