Overcast with rain showers at times. High 68F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%..Rain showers early with clearing later at night. Low around 50F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: November 30, 2017 @ 12:56 amThe Atlanta Braves and their associated businesses have generated more revenue for their parent company through the first three quarters of 2017 than all of 2016, according to new financial information released by the ballclub’s parent company this week.The Braves Group, which consists of the major league ballclub, five minor league teams and various other assets like ballparks, generated $185 million in the third quarter of 2017, according to Liberty Media, the Braves’ parent company. In the same July-to-September period last year, the Braves Group generated $109 million in revenue, an increase of 70 percent.SunTrust Park hosted 41 home games during the third quarter this year as opposed to 35 in 2016.In the third quarter, the Braves Group saw a profit — adjusted income before depreciation and amortization — of $48 million.The Braves Group saw revenue of $262 million in all of 2016, according to financial reports from Liberty.The report attributes the increase in revenue to an increase in ballpark operations at the new SunTrust Park, which saw ticket sales, concessions, corporate sales, suites and premium seat fees all increase in the third quarter.The same report states that about $718 million has been spent on SunTrust Park as of Sept. 30. Of that amount, about $390 million was provided by Cobb County and other related entities and about $328 million was provided by the Braves.About $398 million has been spent on building The Battery Atlanta, the mixed-use development adjacent to the SunTrust Park, through Sept. 30, the report states. Of that amount, about $364 million came from the Braves.CUMBERLAND — Though construction crews are still inside working seven days a week in two shifts, officials at the Omni Hotel at The Battery At…The first season of professional baseball in Cobb County is in the books. County Chairman Mike Boyce has asked the Atlanta Braves to increase their parking fees by up to $1 per car to offset the county’s cost to mana…CUMBERLAND — The lights inside SunTrust Park are dimming now that the MLB’s regular season is coming to an end, but the lights inside the Atla…MARIETTA — On average, drivers who pass one of CobbLinc’s Cumberland Circulator buses have just as many people in their vehicle as that bus ha…Wonderful... and how are the Cobb Taxpayers doing?
Log In

Post a comment as Anonymous Commenter
Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
racist or sexually-oriented language.
PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.
Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another
person will not be tolerated.
Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone
or anything.
Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
that is degrading to another person.
Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on
each comment to let us know of abusive posts.
Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness
accounts, the history behind an article.
Choose your city:
Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.
            
Error! There was an error processing your request.
             Order History in Focus , a photo collection of Cobb County's past. This collectible is the perfect Christmas gift for anyone with ties to Cobb County.Did you see a photo in today's print edition that you'd like to order? Would you like to order a reprint of today's front page?1868-19981998-Current 