Key Statistics:eBay Inc. (EBAY) shares fell and closed the day at $35.84, with the percent change of -0.28%. The company has its outstanding shares of 1.05 Billion. A total of 3.12 Million shares exchanged at hands and its Average Volume (3 months) is 8.18 Million. The company has a market cap of $37.48 Billion.The SMA20 for the stock is at -1.7 percent, SMA50 stands at -4.31 percent, while SMA200 is 1.41 Percent, according to Finviz reported data. Return on Assets (ROA) value of the stock is 29.5 Percent. The Return on Equity (ROE) and Return on Investment (ROI) values are 67 percent and 30.6 percent respectively.The stock currently shows its YTD (Year to Date) performance of 20.71 percent, whereas its Weekly performance stands at 0.62%. The Monthly and Yearly performances are -2.29 percent and 24.01 percent respectively.Piotroski F-Score:The Piotroski score is a discrete score between 0-9 that reflects nine criteria used to determine the strength of a company’s financial position. The Piotroski score is used to determine the best value stocks, nine being the best. For every criteria that is met the company is given one point, if it is not met, then no points are awarded. The points are then added up to determine the best value stocks.eBay Inc. (EBAY)’s average Piotroski F-Score: 5 during the last 7 years.Altman Z-Score:The Altman Z-score is the output of a credit-strength test that gauges a publicly traded manufacturing company’s likelihood of bankruptcy. The Altman Z-score depends on five financial ratios that can be calculated from data found on a company’s annual 10K report. It uses profitability, leverage, liquidity, solvency and activity to forecast whether a company has a high degree of probability of being insolvent.eBay Inc. (EBAY)’s mean Altman Z-Score: 3.48 during the last 7 years.Beneish M-Score:The Beneish model is a mathematical model that makes use of financial ratios and eight variables to identify whether a firm has manipulated its profit. The variables are constructed from the data in the company’s financial statements and, once calculated, create an M-Score to illustrate the degree to which the profit has been manipulated.Once calculated, the eight variables are combined together to achieve an M-Score for the company. An M-Score lower than -2.22 indicates that the company will not be a manipulator. An M-Score more than -2.22 suggests that the company is likely to be a manipulator.EBAY’s average Beneish M-Score: -1.42 during the last 7 years.Relative Strength Index (RSI):The Relative Strength Index (RSI), developed by J. Welles Wilder, is a momentum oscillator that calculates the speed and change of price movements. The RSI oscillates between zero and 100. Usually the RSI is considered overbought when above 70 and oversold when less than 30.Relative Strength Index (RSI) for eBay Inc. (EBAY) is at 40.53.Earnings Outlook:The company’s Average Earnings Estimate for the Current Fiscal quarter is $0.59, according to consensus of 33 analysts. They are also projecting the Low EPS estimate of $0.58 and the High EPS estimate of $0.6.Revenue Outlook:The company’s Average Revenue Estimate for the current quarter is $2.61 Billion, while Low and High Revenue Estimates are $2.59 Billion and $2.64 Billion respectively. These Revenue projections are a consensus of 31 Analysts.Profitability Analysis:Profitability analysis greatly helps in making investment decision. Net profit margin of eBay Inc. (EBAY) was recorded at 80.4 percent, operating profit margin was 24 percent, while gross profit margin stands at 76.8 percent. Beta factor was calculated at 1.39.Ratings Analysis:Analysts look for public financial statements, listen in on conference calls and talk to managers and customers of a company in order to reach an opinion and communicate the value of a stock. Ultimately, through all this investigation into the company’s performance the analyst decides if their stock is a “buy,” sell” or hold.”General Motors Company was covered by a number of analysts recently, 9 rated the stock as Buy, 7 rated Outperform, 20 rated Hold, 2 gave an Underperform and 1 rated sell.Volatility Analysis:Volatility is a key factor to observe. When we see the company’s Volatility, it currently has a monthly volatility of 1.56% and weekly volatility of 1.27%.