Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!  NVIDIA Corporation NVDA  was a big mover last session, as the company saw its shares rise more than 5% on Friday. The move came on solid volume too with far more shares changing hands than in a normal session. This breaks the recent trend of the company, as the stock is now trading above the volatile price range of $193.66 to $212.03 in the past one-month time frame.    NVIDIA Corporation Price      NVIDIA Corporation Price    |      NVIDIA Corporation Quote Another stock worth considering in the Semiconductor - General industry is Intel Corporation INTC  , which carries a Zacks Rank #1. You can see  the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank stocks   here   .    Is NVDA going up? Or down? Predict to see what others think: Up  or Down   Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars?    Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge.    With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research.    It's not the one you think.    See This Ticker Free >>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.