SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX) announced today the closing of an 
      underwritten public offering of $500 million of 2.200% senior notes due 
      2020 and $500 million of 3.750% senior notes due 2047.
    
      The company plans to use the net proceeds for general corporate 
      purposes, including repurchases of Starbucks common stock under the 
      company’s ongoing share repurchase program and payment of dividends.
    
About Starbucks

      Since 1971, Starbucks Coffee Company has been committed to ethically 
      sourcing and roasting high-quality arabica coffee. Today, with 
      stores around the globe, the company is the premier roaster and retailer 
      of specialty coffee in the world. Through our unwavering commitment to 
      excellence and our guiding principles, we bring the unique Starbucks 
      Experience to life for every customer through every cup. To share in 
      the experience, please visit us in our stores or online at news.starbucks.com 
      or www.starbucks.com.
    
Forward-Looking Statements

      Certain statements contained in this release are “forward-looking 
      statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws and 
      regulations, including statements about the use of proceeds of a public 
      offering of senior notes. Such forward-looking statements are based on 
      current management expectations and satisfactions of certain conditions 
      that are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including market 
      conditions and those risks detailed in the Company’s filings with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission, including the “Risk Factors” section 
      of the Starbucks Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
      October 1, 2017, and the prospectus and prospectus supplement delivered 
      in connection with the public offering of senior notes discussed in this 
      release. The company assumes no obligation to update any of these 
      forward-looking statements.
    
StarbucksInvestor Relations:Tom Shaw, 
      206-318-7118investorrelations@starbucks.comorMedia:Reggie 
      Borges, 206-318-7100press@starbucks.com
Starbucks announced today the closing of an offering of $1 billion of senior notes.
StarbucksInvestor Relations:Tom Shaw, 
      206-318-7118investorrelations@starbucks.comorMedia:Reggie 
      Borges, 206-318-7100press@starbucks.com
