INVEST WISELYThe Nasdaq was on pace for its biggest one-day drop in more than three months on Wednesday as shareholders bailed out of high-flying tech stocks and shifted bets to banks and other pockets of the market that could benefit from improving economic conditions, lower regulations and taxes, and higher interest rates.The S&P tech sector, which has propelled the market’s record-setting rally this year, fell 2.7 percent and was on pace for its biggest daily drop in more than five months.Shares of Amazon, Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Facebook were off between 2.5 percent and 4 percent. Among other high fliers this year, Netflix sank 6.0 percent and the Philadelphia semiconductor index dropped 4.5 percent.Financials rose 1.7 percent, adding to Tuesday’s gains and putting them on pace for their biggest two-day rise since just after the 2016 U.S. election of President Donald Trump. JP Morgan rose 2.0 percent and Wells Fargo climbed 2.1 percent.The industrial sector rose 0.8, led by transportation stocks such as Southwest Airlines, railroad Union Pacific and package delivery company UPS.“We are certainly seeing a change in leadership at least for recently in that we are taking profits from technology and redistributing those profits to areas that will benefit from lower taxes, less regulation, higher interest rates and kind of later stages of the economic cycle,” said Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors in Boston.Gains in financials, industrials and healthcare stocks gave the Dow industrials a modest gain and kept losses in check for the benchmark S&P 500.The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 94.78 points, or 0.4 percent, to 23,931.49, the S&P 500 lost 2.61 points, or 0.10 percent, to 2,624.43 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 96.25 points, or 1.39 percent, to 6,816.11.Shareholders are keenly focused on tax-reform legislation in Congress, with hopes that a corporate tax cut would further fuel the record-setting rally in equities. (Source: Business Insider)Top Pick for Thursday: Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX)Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX) has grabbed attention from the analysts when it experienced a change of 1.50% in the last trading session to close at $57.51. A total of 9,922,720 shares exchanged hands during the intra-day trade contrast with its average trading volume of 9.02M shares, while its relative volume stands at 1.10. Relative volume is the comparison of current volume to average volume for the same time of day, and it’s displayed as a ratio. If RVOL is less than 1 it is not In Play on this trading day and Investors may decide not to trade it.  If RVOL is above 2 it is In Play and this is more evidence Investors ought to be in the name.  When stocks are *very* In Play one can see a RVOL of 5 and above.  The higher the RVOL the more In Play the stock is.Day traders strive to make money by exploiting minute price movements in individual assets (usually stocks, though currencies, futures, and options are traded as well), usually leveraging large amounts of capital to do so, therefore they trade on Stocks in Play. In Play Stocks are volatile enough to produce good risk and reward trading opportunities for both bull and bear traders intraday. Most company stocks have very little volatility. They generally move extremely slowly and they only produce big price swings when the company produces good or bad trading results, which may only happen a couple of times a year at best.In deciding what to focus on – in a stock, say – a typical day trader looks for three things: liquidity, volatility and trading volume. Liquidity allows an investor to enter and exit a stock at a good price (i.e. tight spreads, or the difference between the bid and ask price of a stock, and low slippage, or the difference between the predictable price of a trade and the actual price). If a stock does not have good liquidity then it may take some time before a broker is able to negotiate a deal to buy or sell a stock and the broker may not be able to get the sell or buy price that the trader is looking for. This is a problem for day traders and it could mean the difference between a profitable and non-profitable trade.Traders have different rules for what constitutes liquidity and a good guide is the volume of trades and volume of shares that are traded each day. 100,000 shares traded per day would be a minimum for most traders and some require 1,000,000.Trading volume is a gauge of how many times a stock is bought and sold in a given time period (most commonly, within a day of trading, known as the average daily trading volume – ADTV). A high degree of volume indicates a lot of interest in a stock. Often, a boost in the volume of a stock is a harbinger of a price jump, either up or down.Volatility is simply a measure of the predictable daily price range—the range in which a day trader operates. More volatility means greater profit or loss. After a recent check, Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX) stock is found to be 1.36% volatile for the week, while 1.49% volatility is recorded for the month.Technical’s Snapshot:The stock has a market cap of $82.32B and the number of outstanding shares has been calculated 1.43B. Based on a recent bid, its distance from 20 days simple moving average is 1.61%, and its distance from 50 days simple moving average is 3.56% while it has a distance of 0.48% from the 200 days simple moving average. The company’s distance from 52-week high price is -11.35% and the current price is 9.38% away from 52-week low price. The company has Relative Strength Index (RSI 14) of 60.55 together with Average True Range (ATR 14) of 0.83.Stock’s Valuation:Past 5 years growth of SBUX observed at 17.10%, and for the next five years the analysts that follow this company is expecting its growth at 14.07%. The stock’s price to sales ratio for trailing twelve months is 3.68 and price to book ratio for the most recent quarter is 15.17, whereas price to cash per share for the most recent quarter are 30.59. Its quick ratio for the most recent quarter is 0.90. Analysts mean recommendation for the stock is 2.10. This number is based on a 1 to 5 scale where 1 indicates a Strong Buy recommendation while 5 represents a Strong Sell.Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Alphabetastock.com are only for information purposes. Alpha Beta Stock (ABS) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Alpha Beta Stock; however, human error can exist.Donald S. Wiggins is passionate about business and finance news with over 5 years in the industry starting as a writer working his way up into senior positions. He is the driving force behind alphabetastock.com with a vision to broaden the company’s readership throughout 2016. Wiggins is an editor and reporter of “Services” Category.Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  





(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Our mission is to provide unmatched news and insight on newsworthy and momentum stocks to potential traders looking to execute the best possible public and private capital allocation decisions.120 Adelaide St W Toronto, ON M5H 1T1 Canada.4165043012contactus@alphabetastock.comWe get your news straight to the search engines that everyone uses, like Google, Yahoo and Bing. Our search engine friendly releases mean that people will find your business more easily.Email us at: Ads@alphabetastock.com