Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!Starbucks Corporation ( SBUX  ) will begin trading ex-dividend on November 15, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.3 per share is scheduled to be paid on December 01, 2017. Shareholders who purchased SBUX prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This represents an 20% increase over prior dividend payment. At the current stock price of $56.64, the dividend yield is 2.12%.The previous trading day's last sale of SBUX was $56.64, representing a -12.69% decrease from the 52 week high of $64.87 and a 7.72% increase over the 52 week low of $52.58.SBUX is a part of the Consumer Services sector, which includes companies such as McDonald's Corporation ( MCD  ) and Yum! Brands, Inc. ( YUM  ). SBUX's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $1.97. Zacks Investment Research reports SBUX's forecasted earnings growth in 2018 as 12.23%, compared to an industry average of .4%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit the SBUX Dividend History  page. Our  Dividend Calendar  has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today. Interested in gaining exposure to SBUX through an Exchange Traded Fund [ETF]?   The following ETF(s) have SBUX as a top-10 holding: The top-performing ETF of this group is RXI with an increase of 5.53% over the last 100 days. XLY has the highest percent weighting of SBUX at 3.12%.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.