SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) (“Amazon” or the “Company”) today 
      announced that it commenced an offer to exchange all validly tendered 
      (and not validly withdrawn) and accepted 5.200% Senior Notes due 2025 
      (CUSIP Nos. 966837AE6/966837AD8/U96710AA3) (the “Whole Foods Market 
      Notes”) issued by Whole Foods Market, Inc. (“Whole Foods Market”) for 
      5.200% Notes due 2025 to be issued by Amazon (the “Amazon Notes”). 
      Amazon filed a Registration Statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration 
      Statement”) for the issuance of the Amazon Notes with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on November 20, 2017, but the Registration 
      Statement has not yet been declared effective. Completion of the 
      exchange offer and consent solicitation is expected to ease 
      administration of our consolidated indebtedness.
    
      Amazon is also soliciting consent from holders of the Whole Foods Market 
      Notes to amend the indenture governing the Whole Foods Market Notes to, 
      among other things, eliminate (1) substantially all of the restrictive 
      covenants, (2) the change of control provisions, (3) certain 
      requirements that must be met for Whole Foods Market to consolidate, 
      merge or sell all or substantially all of its assets, and (4) certain 
      events of default in the indenture governing the Whole Foods Market 
      Notes so they will no longer apply (collectively, the “Proposed 
      Amendments”). If the Proposed Amendments are adopted, any remaining 
      Whole Foods Market Notes not tendered and exchanged for Amazon Notes 
      will be governed by the amended indenture, which will be less 
      restrictive and afford reduced protections to any remaining holders of 
      Whole Foods Market Notes compared to those currently in place.
    
The exchange offer and consent solicitation (together, the “Exchange 
      Offer”) commenced on November 20, 2017 and expire at 11:59 p.m., New 
      York City time, on December 19, 2017, unless extended (the 
      “Expiration Date”).

In exchange for each $1,000 principal amount of Whole Foods Market 
      Notes validly tendered and accepted before 5:00 p.m., New York City 
      time, on December 5, 2017, unless extended (the “Early 
      Participation Date”), and not validly withdrawn, holders of the tendered 
      Whole Foods Market Notes will be eligible to receive the “Total 
      Consideration,” which consists of $1,000 principal amount of Amazon 
      Notes (which amount includes the “Early Participation Premium” of $30 
      principal amount of Amazon Notes), and a cash amount of $1.00.

In exchange for each $1,000 principal amount of Whole Foods Market 
      Notes validly tendered and accepted after the Early Participation Date 
      but before the Expiration Date, and not validly withdrawn, holders of 
      the tendered Whole Foods Market Notes will receive only the “Exchange 
      Consideration,” which consists of $970 principal amount of Amazon Notes 
      and a cash amount of $1.00.

      Holders of the Whole Foods Market Notes may not consent to the Proposed 
      Amendments without tendering their Whole Foods Market Notes in the 
      Exchange Offer and they may not tender their Whole Foods Market Notes 
      for exchange without consenting to the Proposed Amendments. Each Amazon 
      Note issued in exchange for a Whole Foods Market Note will have an 
      interest rate and maturity date that are the same as the current 
      interest rate and maturity date of such tendered Whole Foods Market 
      Note, as well as the same interest payment dates and optional redemption 
      terms. No accrued but unpaid interest will be paid on the Whole Foods 
      Market Notes in connection with the Exchange Offer. The first interest 
      payment for the Amazon Notes issued in the exchange will reflect 
      interest accrued from the most recent interest payment date for such 
      tendered Whole Foods Market Note. Subject to the minimum denominations 
      and minimum consideration amounts as described in the Registration 
      Statement, the principal amount of each Amazon Note will be rounded 
      down, if necessary, to $2,000 or the nearest lesser whole multiple of 
      $1,000 that is larger than $2,000, as applicable, and we will pay cash 
      equal to the remaining portion, if any, of the exchange price of the 
      Whole Foods Market Note. The Amazon Notes will be senior unsecured 
      obligations of Amazon and will rank equally with all of Amazon’s other 
      unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding.
    
      The dealer manager for the Exchange Offer is:
    
BofA Merrill Lynch

By PhoneCollect: (980) 387-3907Toll-Free: (888) 
            292-0070
          
By Mail or Hand:214 North Tryon Street, 14th 
            FloorCharlotte, North Carolina 28255Attention: 
            Liability Management Group
          
      The exchange agent and information agent for the Exchange Offer is:
    
Global Bondholder Services Corporation

By Facsimile (Eligible Institutions Only):(212) 
            430-3775 or(212) 430-3779
          
By PhoneToll Free: (866) 470-3900
          
By Mail or Hand:65 Broadway—Suite 404New York, 
            New York 10006
          
      Amazon makes the Exchange Offer under the terms and conditions set forth 
      in its preliminary prospectus, dated as of November 20, 2017 (the 
      “Prospectus”), which forms a part of the Registration Statement, and the 
      related Letter of Transmittal and Consent (the “Letter of Transmittal”). 
      Tendered Whole Foods Market Notes, and related consents, may be validly 
      withdrawn at any time before the Expiration Date and Amazon may 
      terminate or withdraw the Exchange Offer at any time for any reason.
    
      The consummation of the Exchange Offer is subject to, and conditional 
      upon, the satisfaction or, where permitted, waiver of the conditions 
      discussed in the Prospectus, including, among other things, the receipt 
      of valid consents to the Proposed Amendments from the holders of at 
      least a majority of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
      Whole Foods Market Notes and the Registration Statement having been 
      declared effective by the SEC.
    
      The Exchange Offer may be made solely under the terms and conditions of 
      the Prospectus, the Letter of Transmittal, and the other related 
      materials. Amazon has filed a Registration Statement for the Amazon 
      Notes with the SEC, but the Registration Statement is not yet effective. 
      The Amazon Notes may not be issued, nor may tenders of Whole Foods 
      Market Notes be accepted, before the time the Registration Statement is 
      declared effective by the SEC.
    
      This press release is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer 
      to buy any of the securities described in this press release and is also 
      not a solicitation of the related consent. These securities will not be 
      sold in any state or other jurisdiction where any offer, solicitation or 
      sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification under the 
      securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction.
    
About Amazon

      Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than 
      competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational 
      excellence, and long-term thinking. Customer reviews, 1-Click shopping, 
      personalized recommendations, Prime, Fulfillment by Amazon, AWS, Kindle 
      Direct Publishing, Kindle, Fire tablets, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Alexa 
      are some of the products and services pioneered by Amazon. For more 
      information, visit www.amazon.com/about 
      and follow @AmazonNews.
    
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This press release includes forward-looking statements. All 
      statements other than statements of historical fact, including 
      statements regarding guidance, industry prospects, or future results of 
      operations or financial position, made in this press release are 
      forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, 
      future, intends, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking 
      statements. Forward-looking statements reflect management’s current 
      expectations and are inherently uncertain. Actual results could differ 
      materially for a variety of reasons, including, among others, 
      fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, changes in global economic 
      conditions and customer spending, world events, the rate of growth of 
      the Internet, online commerce, and cloud services, the amount that 
      Amazon invests in new business opportunities and the timing of those 
      investments, the mix of products and services sold to customers, the mix 
      of net sales derived from products as compared with services, the extent 
      to which we owe income or other taxes, competition, management of 
      growth, potential fluctuations in operating results, international 
      growth and expansion, the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, 
      fulfillment, sortation, delivery, and data center optimization, risks of 
      inventory management, seasonality, the degree to which we enter into, 
      maintain, and develop commercial agreements, proposed and completed 
      acquisitions and strategic transactions, payments risks, and risks of 
      fulfillment throughput and productivity. In addition, the current global 
      economic climate amplifies many of these risks. These risks and 
      uncertainties, as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause 
      our actual results to differ significantly from management’s 
      expectations, are described in greater detail in Amazon’s filings with 
      the SEC, including its most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
      subsequent filings. Although we undertake no obligation to revise 
      or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new 
      information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law, you 
      are advised to consult any additional disclosures we make in our Annual 
      Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports 
      on Form 8-K filed with the SEC.


      Amazon.com, Inc.Investor Relations:Dave Fildesamazon-ir@amazon.comwww.amazon.com/irorPublic 
      Relations:Ty Rogersamazon-pr@amazon.comwww.amazon.com/about


      Amazon.com, Inc.Investor Relations:Dave Fildesamazon-ir@amazon.comwww.amazon.com/irorPublic 
      Relations:Ty Rogersamazon-pr@amazon.comwww.amazon.com/about

