Returns as of 11/29/2017Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services.Returns as of 11/29/2017Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is having a banner year in 2017. At the end of November, share prices have skyrocketed 60% higher year to date. Here's a quick recap of how Amazon pulled off this market-smashing performance, just in case you need a reminder.A steady drumbeat of impressive business results provided a strong foundation for this year's massive gains.Image source: Amazon.Amazon smashed Wall Street's earnings estimates in February's report of last year's holiday quarter. Three months later, the e-commerce giant surpassed all expectations in the first quarter. The company took a breather from earnings surprises in the second quarter, but the third-quarter update absolutely crushed Wall Street's targets.The Amazon Web Services (AWS) division is boosting Amazon's bottom-line profits in a big way while the Prime free shipping club keeps online shoppers loyal. Together, this one-two punch delivers plenty of shareholder value.We Amazon investors had plenty of news to keep us busy along the way to these earnings-based milestones.Many investors write Amazon off due to its sky-high price-to-earnings ratio. The stock currently trades at 300 times trailing earnings and 150 times forward estimates.But those figures are a product of Amazon's tax accounting procedures. Net income may have stopped at just $1.9 billion over the last four quarters, but free cash flows clocked in at $7.2 billion. EBITDA profits, which arguably measure a company's operating income in its purest form, have nearly tripled over the last three years to stop at a cool $14 billion. There are many ways to measure a company's profitability, and Amazon comes out looking like a cash machine in most cases.The Whole Foods buyout is taking Amazon down some brand-new paths, and makes the company more comparable to traditional retailers with networks of brick-and-mortar stores. That being said, Whole Foods represents approximately 10% of Amazon's total sales and won't move the company's needle very far. The deal's long-term effects may be more powerful, but it's not a game changer in the short run.John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Anders Bylund owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life.Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract.We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+.