Returns as of 11/29/2017Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services.Returns as of 11/29/2017When Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) reported third-quarter results near the end of October, the report triggered a massive share-price surge. All told, shares of the online retailer and cloud computing service provider gained 15% last month, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence.Amazon's third-quarter sales rose 34% year over year to $43.7 billion, including a $1.3 billion contribution from the acquisition of Whole Foods Market that closed at the end of August. GAAP earnings held steady at $0.52 per share, while adjusted earnings rose 18% to $0.73 per diluted share. Analysts would have settled for adjusted earnings of $0.03 per share on sales near $42.1 billion. With or without Whole Foods, Amazon crushed Wall Street's targets. Share prices surged nearly 14% higher the next day.Image source: Getty Images.Amazon is firing on all cylinders and reinvesting the windfalls into a more robust distribution system. With more than 540,000 full-time and part-time staffers on its payroll, this is one of the largest employers in America and the world.The stock has gained a market-beating 48% so far in 2017, and Amazon's market cap now exceeds half a trillion dollars. Can anything or anybody stop this juggernaut? As an Amazon shareholder myself, I don't think so.John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, an Amazon subsidiary, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Anders Bylund owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.Anders Bylund is a Foolish Technology and Entertainment Specialist. Where the two markets intersect, you'll find his wheelhouse. He has been an official Fool since 2006 but a jester all his life.Hypoallergenic. Contains six flavors not found in nature. Believes in coyotes and time as an abstract.We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors.Follow Anders on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Google+.