SOURCE: Workday, Inc.

November 01, 2017 08:30 ET
New Customers Include State of Colorado, State of Oregon, and the University of Pennsylvania
New Customers Include State of Colorado, State of Oregon, and the University of Pennsylvania
PLEASANTON, CA--(Marketwired - Nov 1, 2017) -  Workday, Inc. (NASDAQ: WDAY), a leader in enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources, today announced continued momentum with higher education and government organizations with new customers selecting and deploying Workday, including County of Maui, County of Riverside, Erie Community College, Georgia Tech, Hamline University, State of Colorado, State of Oregon, the University of Pennsylvania, and the University of Waterloo. With Workday's suite of applications in the cloud, including Workday Financial Management and Workday Human Capital Management (HCM), higher education and government organizations are able to quickly adapt to industry dynamics such as funding uncertainty and evolving regulations, while streamlining finance and HR business processes. With Workday, higher education and government customers are also able to: Comments on the News"In an environment that's continuously changing, more higher education and government organizations are turning to Workday to help them optimize how they manage their finances and people in order to meet the evolving needs of their communities," said Robert Stoker, senior vice president, education and government, Workday. "With Workday, industry customers have a flexible technology system that helps them adapt to new market demands and regulations while streamlining finance and HR processes, so staff can stay focused on driving their organizations forward.""Workday will provide the State of Oregon government with a fresh approach to managing our critical human resources," said Madilyn Zike, chief human resources officer, State of Oregon. "Workday's user-friendly environment will enable us to implement workforce planning best practices, engage employees, attract and retain talent, and complete succession planning.""We're focused on a campus-wide HR transformation that encompasses our 'One Penn' vision and includes a multi-year project with the goal of improving our systems and processes to help deliver better employee experiences," said Jack Heuer, vice president of human resources, the University of Pennsylvania. "With Workday, we not only have a partner that aligns with our culture of transparency and appreciation, but we will also have an HR system that will help us achieve greater operational efficiency and empower employees with a consistent and seamless experience." About WorkdayWorkday is a leading provider of enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources. Founded in 2005, Workday delivers financial management, human capital management, and analytics applications designed for the world's largest companies, educational institutions, and government agencies. Organizations ranging from medium-sized businesses to Fortune 50 enterprises have selected Workday.Forward-Looking StatementsThis press release contains forward-looking statements including, among other things, statements regarding the expected performance and benefits of Workday's offerings. The words "believe," "may," "will," "plan," "expect," and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. If the risks materialize or assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from the results implied by these forward-looking statements. Risks include, but are not limited to, risks described in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31, 2017 and our future reports that we may file with the SEC from time to time, which could cause actual results to vary from expectations. Workday assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update any such forward-looking statements after the date of this release.Any unreleased services, features, or functions referenced in this document, our website, or other press releases or public statements that are not currently available are subject to change at Workday's discretion and may not be delivered as planned or at all. Customers who purchase Workday, Inc. services should make their purchase decisions based upon services, features, and functions that are currently available.
Media ContactErin Lansdown
Workday
+1 (626) 898-3471Erin.Lansdown@Workday.comMedia ContactErin Lansdown
Workday
+1 (626) 898-3471Erin.Lansdown@Workday.com
                            See all RSS Newsfeeds