Please log in. Or click Sign Up to buy a digital subscription or add digital to your existing newspaper subscription.

Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.
Please support local journalism by becoming a digital subscriber or adding digital to your newspaper subscription.Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service.Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access.Get digital accessPlease confirm you are in our delivery areaPartly cloudy. High near 65F. Winds light and variable..Cloudy skies early, then partly cloudy after midnight. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 46F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 30, 2017 @ 2:54 pmBritish American Tobacco Plc, in its final report without the infusion of all Reynolds American Inc. revenue, said Thursday it had a 16.3 percent increase in profit to $3.36 billion for the first half of fiscal 2017.On Tuesday, BAT, the world’s largest publicly traded tobacco manufacturer, completed its $54.4 billion purchase of the 57.8 percent of Reynolds it did not already own.Reynolds has become BAT’s largest global subsidiary, with Reynolds shareholders owning 19 percent of BAT. Reynolds is expected to file its final quarterly report in early August. Debra Crew, Reynolds’ chief executive, joined BAT’s tobacco management board Thursday.“This is a transformational deal,” said BAT Chief Executive Nicandro Durante. “We will take the best of the best from both businesses across all areas to create a stronger, more sustainable company.”The London-based company provides financial results twice a year, along with a preliminary outlook a few weeks before the end of each half of the fiscal year.“The performance of the group ... is in line with expectations and demonstrates the good organic progress we are making,” Nicandro Durante, BAT’s chief executive, said in a statement.The British equivalence of diluted earnings dropped from $1.89 a year ago to $1.60. Adjusted earnings, however, rose from $1.46 to $1.77.The average earnings forecast was $1.76 by one analyst surveyed by Zacks Investment Research. Analysts typically do not include one-time gains and charges in their forecasts.Overall, BAT revenue increased 15.7 percent to $10.1 billion.BAT already had been factoring in its portion of Reynolds revenue that came from its previous 42.2 percent ownership stake. For the first half, Reynolds contributed $726 million, up 26.1 percent from a year ago. The company incurred $35.3 million in financing costs related to the Reynolds transaction.BAT’s first-half dividend was 74 cents a share, up 10.1 percent. It is payable Sept. 28. The company is shifting to quarterly dividends at the start of fiscal 2018.Reynolds shareholders received $29.44 in cash and 0.5260 in new BAT shares — in the form of an American Depository share — for each Reynolds share they own. An ADR is a stock that trades in the U.S., but represents a specified number of shares in a foreign corporation.BAT said much of its revenue growth was spurred by its global drive brands (Dunhill, Kent, Lucky Strike, Pall Mall, Rothmans), of which top-selling U.S. menthol brand Newport is expected to join.BAT now has full global access to Pall Mall, the top-selling U.S. discount brand, and the U.S. market for Camel, the No. 3 domestic brand. Japan Tobacco owns the international rights to Camel.“The combustible business continued to perform well against the backdrop of a strong volume comparator,” BAT Chairman Richard Burrows said.“The performance of glo (a heat-not-burn cigarette) continues to exceed expectations, with new market launches showing encouraging early signs,” Burrows said. BAT plans to begin selling glo nationwide in Japan in October, along with a recent introduction to the Canadian market in Vancouver, British Columbia.Burrows touted that with full Reynolds ownership, BAT becomes the world’s largest electronic-cigarette and vaporizer company. It is expected to go global with Vuse, Reynolds’ top-selling e-cigarette.“The successful completion of the Reynolds acquisition bolsters our leading position in both next-generation products and combustibles,” he said. “We remain confident of delivering another year of good earnings growth at constant rates of exchange.”BAT has said it “has no plans to close or move the head office in Winston-Salem, nor make any significant changes to the current high-quality manufacturing facilities in North Carolina and Tennessee, nor to the trade marketing team.” Reynolds has an American Snuff production plant in Tennessee.Durante has told BAT shareholders the company projects $400 million in cost savings by July 2020.Reynolds is estimated to have between 2,000 and 2,200 local employees, the majority of whom work at its plant in Tobaccoville, as well as about 5,500 full-time and 50 part-time as of Dec. 31, 2016. The total includes 3,700 Reynolds Tobacco, 500 Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co. Inc. and 600 American Snuff Co. LLC employees. The bulk of the remaining Reynolds Tobacco employees are sales and marketing representatives out in the field serving retail, wholesale and distribution customers, as well as about half of Santa Fe’s workforce.Reynolds Tobacco confirmed June 20 that it has offered select production workers a voluntary retirement package. It has not said how many took the package.rcraver@wsjournal.com 336-727-7376 @rcraverWSJBritish American Tobacco provided a brief update on a legal issue involving what anti-tobacco advocates call "allegations of corrupt and anti-competitive conduct by BAT” in Kenya, South Africa and Uganda that were made public in late 2015.A BBC documentary disclosed claims of bribery committed by former BAT employees and individuals working on BAT’s behalf. The bribes allegedly were made to politicians and policymakers to cover up environmental damage and corporate espionage linked to BAT.BAT has denied the claims, but said in its 2015 annual report that “a number of allegations were made regarding historic misconduct in Africa.”BAT said Thursday that "the investigation into allegations of misconduct, which is being conducted by external legal advisers, is continuing. As part of this, we continue to liaise with the serious fraud office and other relevant authorities."
                                    
                                        Whenever Richard Craver posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
                                    
                                Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.