
Abby Gale 
4 weeks ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
The following data is for The Liberty SiriusXM Group | NASDAQ: LSXMA | As it reflects the theoretical cost of buying the company’s shares, the market cap of The Liberty SiriusXM Group (NASDAQ:LSXMA) is currently rolling at 24.B, making it one of the key stocks in today’s market. Hence, the existing market cap indicates a preferable measure in comprehending the size of the company rather than its worth.The Liberty SiriusXM Group’s P/E ratio is measuring at 30.57 with a forward P/E of 18.41. The powerful forward P/E ratio allows investors a quick snapshot of the organization’s finances without getting involved in the complicated details of the accounting report. The PEG for The Liberty SiriusXM Group is gauging a 1.25, signposting the future growth of the company’s earnings. The existing PEG value acts as a measure that takes into account its future growth where investors are able to scale the company’s high-growth stock as undervalued. As of now, The Liberty SiriusXM Group has a P/S value of 4.6, measuring P/B at 1.39. Its P/Cash is valued at 138.71, allowing investors to have a useful look at the company’s value in contrast to the P/E ratio. The current P/C value outlines the company’s ability to generate cash relative to its stock price rather than what it records on earnings relative to its stock price. The dividend for the corporation to company shareholders is rolling at *tba with a payout ratio of 0.00%. The current value of the dividend depicts the significance to the relationship between company and its investors. With many preferring that The Liberty SiriusXM Group reinvest its earnings back into its trade to fuel future growth, a lot acknowledges a generous cash dividend payment. For the income oriented investors, the existing payout ratio will be observed closely, providing a valuable insight into The Liberty SiriusXM Group’s dividend policy. The EPS of The Liberty SiriusXM Group is strolling at 1.38, measuring its EPS growth this year at 59.20%. As a result, the company has an EPS growth of 30.54% for the approaching year. Company’s EPS for the past five years is valued at 30.54%, leading it to an EPS value of 24.40% for the next five years. Company’s sales growth for the past five years is valued at *tba, leading it to the present-day share price of $42.10. It has a change in price of 0.10% and a target price of $49.90. The Liberty SiriusXM Group has a ROA of 1.70%, measuring the amount of profit the company earns on the value of its shares. The value of its return on investment (ROI) is 6.20%, measuring the gain/loss on its investment relative to the amount of money invested. With its flexible approach, investors can easily identify the profitability and the efficiency of the company – bearing in mind the downsides of the ROI calculation which can be manipulated. The Liberty SiriusXM Group holds a quick ratio of 0.2 with a current ratio of 0.2. The existing figure on the company’s quick ratio portrays its ability to meet its short-term financial liabilities, and the value on the current ratio represents the company’s proficiency in dealing with its current liabilities via its current assets. The performance for the week is valued at -2.66%, resulting in a performance for the month at 0.48%. Therefore, the stated figures displays a quarterly performance of -7.76% and an annual performance of 27.19%. Disclaimer: Outlined statistics and information communicated in the above editorial are merely a work of the authors. They do not ponder or echo the certified policy or position of any business stakeholders, financial specialists, or economic analysts. Specimens laid down on the editorial above are only cases with information collected from various sources. The authority will not be liable for anyone who makes stock portfolio or financial decisions as per the editorial, which is based only on limited and open source information. Conclusions from the analysis of the editorial shall not depict the position of any analysts or financial professionals.*TBA = Data not provided during this time
Tags (NASDAQ:LSXMA) LSXMA NASDAQ The Liberty SiriusXM Group4 mins ago4 mins ago4 mins agoYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  

