Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation ( SNP  ) will begin trading ex-dividend on July 14, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $2.201 per share is scheduled to be paid on August 04, 2017. Shareholders who purchased SNP prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This represents an 109.02% increase over prior dividend payment. At the current stock price of $79, the dividend yield is 11.14%.The previous trading day's last sale of SNP was $79, representing a -6.93% decrease from the 52 week high of $84.88 and a 16.48% increase over the 52 week low of $67.82.SNP is a part of the Energy sector, which includes companies such as Exxon Mobil Corporation ( XOM  ) and Chevron Corporation ( CVX  ). SNP's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $6.94. Zacks Investment Research reports SNP's forecasted earnings growth in 2017 as 18.43%, compared to an industry average of 46.4%.For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit the SNP Dividend History  page. Our  Dividend Calendar  has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today. Interested in gaining exposure to SNP through an Exchange Traded Fund [ETF]?   The following ETF(s) have SNP as a top-10 holding: The top-performing ETF of this group is PGJ with an increase of 20.27% over the last 100 days. ADRE has the highest percent weighting of SNP at 1.84%.
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.