Scotts Miracle-Gro (NYSE:SMG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The basic materials company reported $2.78 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.93 by $0.15. Scotts Miracle-Gro had a return on equity of 34.31% and a net margin of 11.64%. The firm had revenue of $1.20 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.28 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $3.15 earnings per share. Scotts Miracle-Gro’s revenue for the quarter was…Headlines about Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (NYSE:PAA) have been trending somewhat positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research group, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. earned a media sentiment score of 0.15 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news…Conning Inc. decreased its stake in Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:DLR) by 3.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 3,001 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after selling 99 shares during the period. Conning Inc.’s holdings in Digital Realty Trust were worth $319,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. State…DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp raised its position in Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (NYSE:HST) by 74.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 125,296 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 53,507 shares during the period. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp’s holdings in Host Hotels and Resorts were worth $2,338,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the…Headlines about Conifer Holdings (NASDAQ:CNFR) have trended somewhat negative recently, AlphaOne reports. AlphaOne, a service of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Conifer Holdings earned a daily sentiment score of -0.09 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news headlines about the insurance provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage…Fitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT) was the target of unusually large options trading on Monday. Stock traders bought 403 call options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 117% compared to the typical volume of 186 call options. Several research firms have weighed in on FIT. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $7.00 target price on shares of Fitbit in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Longbow Research reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Fitbit in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reissued…DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp lowered its position in Intuit Inc. (NASDAQ:INTU) by 2.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 20,996 shares of the software maker’s stock after selling 625 shares during the period. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp’s holdings in Intuit were worth $2,435,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. TLP Group LLC purchased a new stake in Intuit…DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp lowered its position in Eversource Energy (NYSE:ES) by 2.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 40,601 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after selling 1,208 shares during the period. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp’s holdings in Eversource Energy were worth $2,387,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC acquired a…Whittier Trust Co. held its stake in Williams Companies Inc (NYSE:WMB) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 5,458 shares of the pipeline company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Whittier Trust Co.’s holdings in Williams Companies were worth $162,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB publ boosted its stake in shares of Williams Companies by…DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp acquired a new position in InvenSense Inc (NYSE:INVN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm acquired 197,600 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,496,000. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp owned about 0.21% of InvenSense as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. WFG Advisors LP raised its stake in InvenSense by 499.8% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors…Media stories about Catalent (NASDAQ:CTLT) have been trending somewhat positive on Wednesday, according to AlphaOne. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Catalent earned a media sentiment score of 0.23 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned press coverage about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100,…Rockcliff Copper Corp (TSE:RCU) Director Robert Bruce Durham acquired 433,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, April 28th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of C$0.08 per share, for a total transaction of C$34,640.00. Robert Bruce Durham also recently made the following trade(s): Receive News & Ratings for Rockcliff Copper Corp Daily – Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts’ ratings for Rockcliff Copper Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com’s FREE daily…Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:HRC) had its target price raised by Stifel Nicolaus from $70.00 to $84.00 in a research report released on Monday, May 1st. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the medical technology company’s stock. HRC has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Hill-Rom Holdings from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $80.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Barclays PLC upped their price objective on shares of…Shares of Global Payments Inc (NYSE:GPN) hit a new 52-week high during mid-day trading on Thursday following a stronger than expected earnings report. The stock traded as high as $85.83 and last traded at $85.69, with a volume of 1,692,041 shares traded. The stock had previously closed at $81.10. The business services provider reported $0.85 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.10. The company had revenue of $919.76 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $767.09 million. Global Payments had…IBERIABANK Corp (NASDAQ:IBKC) EVP Anthony J. Restel sold 19,652 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.32, for a total value of $1,578,448.64. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 35,665 shares in the company, valued at $2,864,612.80. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Shares of IBERIABANK Corp (NASDAQ:IBKC) opened at 80.00 on Wednesday. IBERIABANK Corp has a 12 month low of…New York Times Co (NYSE:NYT)’s share price shot up 2.5% during trading on Thursday after the company announced better than expected quarterly earnings. The company traded as high as $16.20 and last traded at $16.50, with a volume of 1,496,167 shares traded. The stock had previously closed at $16.10. The company reported $0.11 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.07 by $0.04. New York Times had a return on equity of 11.87% and a net margin of 1.87%. The business had revenue of $398.80…NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan purchased a new stake in Hortonworks Inc (NASDAQ:HDP) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 30,000 shares of the software maker’s stock, valued at approximately $294,000. NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan owned approximately 0.07% of Hortonworks as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in HDP. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in…Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) gapped down before the market opened on Thursday following a weaker than expected earnings announcement. The stock had previously closed at $65.67, but opened at $67.04. Bunge shares last traded at $68.80, with a volume of 2,012,108 shares traded. The basic materials company reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge had a return on equity of 10.38% and a net margin of 1.58%. The company had revenue of $11.12 billion during the quarter, compared to the…Baidu Inc (NASDAQ:BIDU) had its price target raised by Jefferies Group LLC from $188.00 to $208.00 in a research report report published on Monday, May 1st. Jefferies Group LLC currently has a buy rating on the information services provider’s stock. Several other equities research analysts have also commented on BIDU. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an equal weight rating and issued a $185.00 price target on shares of Baidu in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Baidu from a buy rating to a sell rating in…News headlines about Thomson Reuters Corp (NYSE:TRI) (TSE:TRI) have been trending positive on Wednesday, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Thomson Reuters Corp earned a media sentiment score of 0.31 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media headlines about the business services…Wetherby Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Pioneer Natural Resources (NYSE:PXD) by 1.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 3,165 shares of the oil and gas development company’s stock after buying an additional 32 shares during the period. Wetherby Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Pioneer Natural Resources were worth $589,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock….Granite Construction (NYSE:GVA) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The construction company reported ($0.60) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.25) by $0.35. The firm had revenue of $468.40 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $458.65 million. Granite Construction had a return on equity of 7.85% and a net margin of 2.77%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted ($0.26) earnings…Wetherby Asset Management Inc. cut its stake in shares of Carnival Corp (NYSE:CCL) by 9.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 5,641 shares of the company’s stock after selling 575 shares during the period. Wetherby Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Carnival Corp were worth $332,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of CCL. Boston Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Carnival Corp by 0.3%…Scotiabank reissued their outperform rating on shares of Acadian Timber Corp (TSE:ADN) in a research report report published on Thursday, May 4th. The firm currently has a C$20.00 target price on the stock. A number of other research firms have also recently issued reports on ADN. Royal Bank of Canada cut Acadian Timber Corp from an outperform rating to a sector perform rating and cut their price target for the company from C$20.00 to C$19.00 in a report on Friday, January 6th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reaffirmed a strong-buy rating…Shares of ORIENT O/SEAS INTL (NASDAQ:OROVY) have been assigned an average broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the one analysts that cover the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a strong buy rating. Zacks has also given ORIENT O/SEAS INTL an industry rank of 101 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of ORIENT O/SEAS INTL from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $34.00 price objective…Wetherby Asset Management Inc. decreased its stake in shares of KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) by 6.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 19,513 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 1,277 shares during the period. Wetherby Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in KeyCorp were worth $347,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of KEY. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its position…Analysts expect that Oclaro, Inc. (NASDAQ:OCLR) will announce earnings of $0.18 per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Four analysts have provided estimates for Oclaro’s earnings. The highest EPS estimate is $0.19 and the lowest is $0.18. Oclaro posted earnings per share of $0.01 during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year over year growth rate of 1,700%. The firm is scheduled to report its next earnings results after the market closes on Tuesday, May 2nd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Oclaro will…Equities research analysts forecast that PulteGroup, Inc. (NYSE:PHM) will report earnings of $0.28 per share for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Six analysts have provided estimates for PulteGroup’s earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at $0.30 and the lowest estimate coming in at $0.25. PulteGroup posted earnings of $0.24 per share during the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 16.7%. The company is expected to report its next quarterly earnings results before the market opens on Tuesday, April…Media coverage about Alamos Gold Inc (US) (NYSE:AGI) (TSE:AGI) has been trending somewhat negative this week, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a unit of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Alamos Gold Inc (US) earned a media sentiment score of -0.09 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news coverage about the…Essex Investment Management Co. LLC reduced its position in shares of Envision Healthcare Co. (NYSE:EVHC) by 9.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 9,366 shares of the company’s stock after selling 925 shares during the period. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC’s holdings in Envision Healthcare were worth $574,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of EVHC. ProShare Advisors LLC increased…Press coverage about TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (NASDAQ:AMTD) has been trending somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, rates the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. earned a news impact score of 0.19 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned press coverage about…Scotiabank restated their sector perform rating on shares of BlackPearl Resources Inc. (TSE:PXX) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday, May 4th. They currently have a C$2.00 price target on the oil and natural gas company’s stock. Several other research firms have also weighed in on PXX. TD Securities raised their price objective on shares of BlackPearl Resources from C$1.75 to C$2.00 and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. AltaCorp Capital upgraded shares of BlackPearl Resources from a sector perform…Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (NYSE:TMO) by 0.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 145,494 shares of the medical research company’s stock after buying an additional 1,076 shares during the period. Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Thermo Fisher Scientific were worth $22,348,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their…Essex Investment Management Co. LLC maintained its position in Campbell Soup Company (NYSE:CPB) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 10,456 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC’s holdings in Campbell Soup Company were worth $599,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of CPB. Vicus Capital increased its position in…Wall Street analysts expect that Endurance International Group Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:EIGI) will post ($0.22) earnings per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have issued estimates for Endurance International Group Holdings’ earnings. The highest EPS estimate is ($0.18) and the lowest is ($0.25). Endurance International Group Holdings reported earnings per share of $0.14 during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 257.1%. The company is expected to announce its next earnings report before the market opens on Tuesday,…DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp held its position in shares of FCB Financial Holdings Inc (NYSE:FCB) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 45,630 shares of the bank’s stock at the end of the first quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp owned 0.11% of FCB Financial Holdings worth $2,261,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of FCB. Emerald Mutual Fund…Essex Investment Management Co. LLC increased its position in shares of O2Micro International Limited (NASDAQ:OIIM) by 253.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 239,230 shares of the electronics maker’s stock after buying an additional 171,598 shares during the period. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC owned 0.94% of O2Micro International Limited worth $548,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the…NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan held its position in shares of ManpowerGroup Inc. (NYSE:MAN) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 3,000 shares of the business services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan’s holdings in ManpowerGroup were worth $308,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of MAN. James…Wells Fargo & Co reaffirmed their market perform rating on shares of International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) in a research note released on Wednesday, April 19th. The firm currently has a $162.50 target price on the technology company’s stock, down from their previous target price of $180.00. A number of other research firms have also weighed in on IBM. Bank of America Corp reissued a buy rating and issued a $200.00 price objective (up previously from $185.00) on shares of International Business Machines Corp. in a research report on Thursday,…Amec Foster Wheeler PLC (LON:AMEC) was upgraded by equities research analysts at Macquarie to an “outperform” rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a GBX 725 ($9.43) target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of GBX 610 ($7.94). Macquarie’s target price points to a potential downside of 31.47% from the stock’s current price. Several other brokerages have also weighed in on AMEC. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 570 ($7.42) price objective on shares…Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on LPNT. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of LifePoint Health from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Cantor Fitzgerald restated a “neutral” rating on shares of LifePoint Health in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Mizuho upped their target price on shares of LifePoint Health from $50.00 to $57.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Deutsche Bank AG assumed coverage on shares of…Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC cut its position in VF Corp (NYSE:VFC) by 45.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 55,854 shares of the textile maker’s stock after selling 45,998 shares during the period. Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC’s holdings in VF Corp were worth $3,070,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Wagner Bowman Management Corp increased its position in shares…Kforce Inc. (NASDAQ:KFRC) declared a quarterly dividend on Wednesday, May 3rd. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be given a dividend of 0.12 per share by the business services provider on Friday, June 23rd. This represents a $0.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.59%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 7th. Kforce (NASDAQ:KFRC) opened at 18.55 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $21.17 and its 200-day moving average price is $22.50. The firm has a market cap of…Dowling & Yahnke LLC purchased a new position in shares of Hershey Co (NYSE:HSY) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm purchased 2,017 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $220,000. Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Advisors Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Hershey by 15.8% in the third quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 67,352 shares of the company’s stock worth…Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm purchased 13,400 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $367,000. Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in MGM Resorts International by 31.6% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 275,687 shares of the company’s stock…Hennessy Advisors Inc. cut its position in shares of Exelon Co. (NYSE:EXC) by 22.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 399,631 shares of the energy giant’s stock after selling 118,900 shares during the period. Hennessy Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Exelon were worth $14,379,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Cable Hill Partners LLC boosted its position in Exelon by…Lake Shore Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:lsbk) declared a quarterly dividend on Thursday, April 27th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a dividend of 0.08 per share by the savings and loans company on Wednesday, May 24th. This represents a $0.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.04%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 9th. Lake Shore Bancorp (NASDAQ:LSBK) opened at 15.70 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $15.69 and a 200-day moving average of $15.53. The stock…Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (NYSE:HLT) was the recipient of some unusual options trading activity on Monday. Traders acquired 6,289 put options on the company. This represents an increase of 759% compared to the typical daily volume of 732 put options. A number of research firms recently weighed in on HLT. Telsey Advisory Group lowered shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Guggenheim began coverage on shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings in a research report on…COH has been the topic of a number of other research reports. BlueFin Research set a $46.00 price target on Coach and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, April 1st. Instinet reissued a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 price target on shares of Coach in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Vetr downgraded Coach from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $46.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Monday, May 8th. Robert W. Baird…Several other equities research analysts have also weighed in on EL. Zacks Investment Research raised Estee Lauder Companies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 target price on shares of Estee Lauder Companies in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. CIBC upgraded Estee Lauder Companies from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Vetr upgraded Estee Lauder Companies from…ProShare Advisors LLC decreased its position in Aimmune Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:AIMT) by 20.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 25,647 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock after selling 6,575 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC’s holdings in Aimmune Therapeutics were worth $557,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. FMR LLC raised its position in Aimmune Therapeutics by…ProShare Advisors LLC cut its stake in shares of Buffalo Wild Wings (NASDAQ:BWLD) by 24.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 3,704 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock after selling 1,176 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC’s holdings in Buffalo Wild Wings were worth $566,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Tyers Asset Management LLC acquired a new position…Profund Advisors LLC lowered its position in shares of Portland General Electric Company (NYSE:POR) by 13.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 9,158 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after selling 1,443 shares during the period. Profund Advisors LLC’s holdings in Portland General Electric Company were worth $407,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of POR. First Manhattan Co. increased its position in shares of Portland General Electric Company…ProShare Advisors LLC reduced its position in shares of UnitedHealth Group Inc (NYSE:UNH) by 1.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 221,875 shares of the healthcare conglomerate’s stock after selling 2,319 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC’s holdings in UnitedHealth Group were worth $36,390,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Ellington Management Group LLC purchased a new stake in UnitedHealth Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately…Profund Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE:PBI) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund purchased 32,057 shares of the technology company’s stock, valued at approximately $420,000. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. bought a new position in Pitney Bowes during the fourth quarter valued at about $586,000. Brinker Capital Inc. raised its position in Pitney Bowes by 1.0% in the third quarter. Brinker Capital Inc. now owns…Profund Advisors LLC cut its position in shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:HA) by 10.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 9,233 shares of the transportation company’s stock after selling 1,043 shares during the period. Profund Advisors LLC’s holdings in Hawaiian Holdings were worth $429,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Tyers Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Hawaiian Holdings during the fourth quarter worth approximately $109,000….Waldron LP increased its position in Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE:HON) by 70.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 6,715 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after buying an additional 2,765 shares during the period. Waldron LP’s holdings in Honeywell International were worth $826,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Peoples Financial Services CORP. increased its position in Honeywell International by 62.2% in the first quarter….Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in Novartis AG (NYSE:NVS) by 8.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 53,616 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 4,016 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors’ holdings in Novartis AG were worth $3,982,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Douglas Lane & Associates LLC raised its stake in shares of Novartis AG by 3.5% in the first quarter. Douglas…Truepoint Inc. maintained its position in shares of Union Pacific Co. (NYSE:UNP) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 6,856 shares of the railroad operator’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Truepoint Inc.’s holdings in Union Pacific were worth $726,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in UNP. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Union Pacific by 4.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns…Nationwide Fund Advisors decreased its stake in Plantronics Inc (NYSE:PLT) by 1.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 74,778 shares of the technology company’s stock after selling 1,375 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors’ holdings in Plantronics were worth $4,046,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Ledyard National Bank boosted its position in Plantronics by 400.0% in the first quarter. Ledyard National Bank…Nationwide Fund Advisors cut its stake in ABM Industries, Inc. (NYSE:ABM) by 2.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 92,764 shares of the business services provider’s stock after selling 2,672 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors’ holdings in ABM Industries were worth $4,045,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State of Alaska Department of Revenue raised its stake in ABM Industries by 1.8% in the first quarter. State…Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME) by 0.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 182,393 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 181 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors’ holdings in GameStop Corp. were worth $4,113,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of GME. James Investment Research Inc. raised its stake in shares of GameStop Corp….A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Gran Tierra Energy (TSE: GTE): Shares of Gran Tierra Energy Inc (TSE:GTE) opened at 3.43 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $3.46 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.61. The firm’s market cap is $1.37 billion. Gran Tierra Energy Inc has a one year low of $3.09 and a one year high of $4.44. In other news, CFO Ryan Ellson purchased 16,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday,…Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its position in Transocean LTD (NYSE:RIG) by 16.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 327,207 shares of the offshore drilling services provider’s stock after buying an additional 46,097 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors’ holdings in Transocean LTD were worth $4,074,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of RIG. Federated Investors Inc. PA purchased a new position in…JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their overweight rating on shares of Western Digital Corp (NASDAQ:WDC) in a research report released on Friday morning. Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on WDC. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price objective on shares of Western Digital Corp from $33.00 to $39.00 and gave the company an outperform rating in a research note on Thursday, May 11th. BTIG Research lowered their price target on shares of Western Digital Corp from $120.00 to $85.00 and set a buy rating on the stock…Textron Inc. (NYSE:TXT) was the recipient of unusually large options trading activity on Friday. Stock investors bought 10,115 put options on the company. This is an increase of approximately 1,002% compared to the typical daily volume of 918 put options. Textron (NYSE:TXT) opened at 47.12 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $46.98 and its 200-day moving average is $47.45. The firm has a market capitalization of $12.61 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.05 and a beta of 1.61. Textron has a 52-week low of $34.00 and a 52-week…Shares of BNP Paribas SA (NASDAQ:BNPQY) have received an average rating of “Hold” from the six analysts that are currently covering the company. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and two have given a buy recommendation to the company. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of BNP Paribas SA from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. BNP Paribas SA (NASDAQ:BNPQY) opened at 37.42 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $34.75 and its…Unigold Inc. (TSE:UGD) insider Norman Tremblay purchased 150,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, April 28th. The shares were acquired at an average price of C$0.25 per share, with a total value of C$37,500.00. Norman Tremblay also recently made the following trade(s): About Unigold Unigold Inc is a Canada-based junior natural resource company focused on exploring and developing its land position in the Dominican Republic, within the Cretaceous age, Tireo Formation. The Tireo Formation is a gold and base metal district, and is approximately 75-kilometer wide…Wall Street analysts forecast that Liberty Interactive Group (NASDAQ:QVCA) will report earnings per share (EPS) of $0.34 for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have made estimates for Liberty Interactive Group’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.33 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.34. Liberty Interactive Group posted earnings of $0.36 per share in the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year-over-year growth rate of 5.6%. The firm is scheduled to report its next earnings results before the market…Shares of Sappi Limited (NYSE:SPP) have received an average rating of “Buy” from the six analysts that are currently covering the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and four have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $15.33. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Sappi Limited from a “hold” rating to a “buy”…Shares of IMI Plc (NASDAQ:IMIAY) have earned a consensus broker rating score of 3.00 (Hold) from the two brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating. Zacks has also given IMI Plc an industry rank of 93 out of 265 based on the ratings given to related companies. Several analysts have recently commented on the company. Liberum Capital assumed coverage on IMI Plc in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. They set a “buy” rating for the…News articles about AVG Technologies NV (NYSE:AVG) have been trending positive this week, Alpha One reports. Alpha One, a service of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by monitoring more than 20 million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. AVG Technologies NV earned a media sentiment score of 0.31 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news headlines about the software maker an impact score of…Tenaris SA (NYSE:TS)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at Scotiabank in a research note issued on Monday, May 1st. They presently have a $40.00 target price on the industrial products company’s stock. Scotiabank’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 25.47% from the stock’s current price. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Tenaris SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 price target on the stock in a report…Vetr upgraded shares of United Rentals, Inc. (NYSE:URI) from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating in a research report report published on Monday, May 1st. They currently have $125.52 price target on the construction company’s stock. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Citigroup Inc increased their price target on shares of United Rentals from $125.00 to $140.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of United Rentals from…Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of WPP plc – American Depositary Shares each representing five (NASDAQ:WPPGY) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report report published on Monday, May 1st. According to Zacks, “WPP operates in a highly competitive and fragmented communication services industry. The company depends on a limited number of big clients for a significant portion of its revenues. Loss of any of these big clients could adversely impact the company’s prospects. It operates in several countries throughout the world. Its significant international operations…Siemens AG (FRA:SIE) has been given a €155.00 ($174.16) target price by equities researchers at Jefferies Group LLC in a report released on Wednesday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. SIE has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Barclays PLC set a €125.00 ($140.45) price objective on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG set a €122.00 ($137.08) price objective on shares of Siemens AG and gave the…Nisa Investment Advisors LLC continued to hold its position in shares of LPL Financial Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:LPLA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 8,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in LPL Financial Holdings were worth $319,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of LPL…Deutsche Telekom AG (FRA:DTE) has been assigned a €14.30 ($16.07) price objective by Jefferies Group LLC in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a “sell” rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on DTE. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €21.80 ($24.49) price target on Deutsche Telekom AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, May 19th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €19.00 ($21.35) price target on Deutsche Telekom AG…Butensky & Cohen Financial Security Inc. reduced its stake in shares of Oracle Co. (NYSE:ORCL) by 2.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 44,010 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock after selling 1,165 shares during the period. Oracle comprises approximately 1.8% of Butensky & Cohen Financial Security Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 17th largest position. Butensky & Cohen Financial Security Inc.’s holdings in Oracle were worth $1,963,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large…Mackay Shields LLC maintained its stake in United Technologies Co. (NYSE:UTX) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 53,105 shares of the conglomerate’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Mackay Shields LLC’s holdings in United Technologies were worth $5,959,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its stake in United Technologies by 0.5% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc….