




 




          Thermo Fisher Scientific customers also highlight their latest research advancements in solid tumor profiling and liquid biopsy analysis during corporate workshops
         News provided byNov 14, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this articleCARLSBAD, Calif. and SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Advances in next-generation sequencing (NGS) have revolutionized the use of genetic information to improve the understanding of cancer and how the disease can be addressed through precision medicine. In pursuit of this endeavor, Thermo Fisher Scientific customers will highlight their latest findings in solid tumor profiling and liquid biopsy clinical research during the company's corporate workshop taking place Nov. 15 at the Association for Molecular Pathology (AMP) Annual Meeting. In what will also be the first-ever presentation of a case study by a laboratory using the Oncomine Dx Target Test, Dr. Daniel Duncan, M.D., medical director of Cancer Genetics Inc. (CGI) will discuss how the first NGS-based companion diagnostic for non-small cell lung cancer (NCSLC) is helping to address the need for simultaneous screening of multiple biomarkers to help guide therapy selection more efficiently."For patients with lung cancer, days matter. Clinicians need tests that provide fast turnaround times, requiring labs to simplify workflows to meet these demands," said Dr. Duncan at CGI. "Compared to sequential testing methods, we've found the Oncomine Dx Target Test allows us to analyze multiple NSCLC biomarkers using limited tumor sample to deliver results in a matter of days versus weeks. We are very excited to offer this test and look forward to future collaborations with Thermo Fisher as we expand our oncology test portfolio."Beyond solid tumor profiling, research using liquid biopsy analysis can offer a look into real-time molecular monitoring of cancer progression from plasma, while also providing a more comprehensive picture of cancer's natural heterogeneity. However, many existing technologies may not be sensitive enough to detect minute amounts of cell-free DNA (cfDNA) in a blood sample.  Dr. Meenakshi Mehrotra, Ph.D., hematopathology post-doctoral fellow, will demonstrate how the Oncomine cfDNA lung and colon assays overcome these limitations, while also showing strong concordance with solid tissue samples. "Advances in NGS-based assay technology are rapidly changing the way how cancer is understood, which is helping to drive its application in precision medicine as we've seen by the FDA approvals this year," said Joydeep Goswami, President of Clinical Next-Generation Sequencing and Oncology at Thermo Fisher Scientific. "The customer presentations at AMP are prime examples of what's on the horizon for new approaches that hold great potential to broaden the future of the technology's application in cancer."Scientific Posters at AMPThermo Fisher will also feature 11 posters at AMP covering a wide range of research topics, including:Thermo Fisher's corporate workshops will be held Wednesday, Nov. 15 from 8 a.m.-12:50 p.m. in the Calvin L. Rampton Salt Palace Convention Center, rooms 355BC and 255A. For a full list of poster presentations and workshops, visit the Thermo Fisher AMP 2017 website. For more information on how Thermo Fisher's genetic analysis solutions can help advance clinical research, stop by the company's booth (#718) during the conference Nov. 16-18.About Thermo Fisher Scientific Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is the world leader in serving science, with revenues of more than $20 billion and approximately 65,000 employees globally. Our mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We help our customers accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics, deliver medicines to market and increase laboratory productivity. Through our premier brands – Thermo Scientific, Applied Biosystems, Invitrogen, Fisher Scientific and Unity Lab Services – we offer an unmatched combination of innovative technologies, purchasing convenience and comprehensive services. For more information, please visit www.thermofisher.com.Media Contact Information:Mauricio Minotta, Thermo Fisher Scientific+1 760 929 2456+1 760 805 5266 (mobile)mauricio.minotta@thermofisher.comorMaurissa Messier, CG Life +1 908 208 9254 mmessier@cglife.comView original content:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leading-pathologists-to-showcase-first-case-studies-with-oncomine-dx-target-test-at-association-for-molecular-pathology-annual-meeting-300555292.htmlSOURCE Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.
http://www.thermofisher.com
Nov 21, 2017, 16:30 ETPreview: Thermo Fisher Scientific Recommends Shareholders Reject Mini-Tender Offer by TRC Capital CorporationNov 13, 2017, 08:00 ETPreview: Thermo Scientific TruNarc Analyzer Now Detects Carfentanil More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 14, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat