Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! The Financial Stability Board (FSB) recently issued a list of 30 global systemically important banks (G-SIBs). The list comprises names of large banks with extensive global presence whose failure can rattle the global economy.These banks are required to meet the board's total loss-absorbing capacity standard, which is a measure of the capital these banks need to hold in order to avoid the need for bailouts. They are also segregated into buckets, depending on the extra capital required.Per the list, JPMorgan JPM  has been regarded as the most dangerous of the 30 banks and is required to hold an extra 2.5% capital. It is the sole bank in the second most critical bucket, with no bank in the top tier.Citigroup C  moved down to join Bank of America BAC  , Deutsche Bank DB  and HSBC Holdings HSBC  which remain in the third bucket. This implies that these banks need to hold 2% extra capital.The next level, which needs banks to have a capital buffer of 1.5%, consists of eight banks. While Credit Suisse CS  has been moved down from this bucket, two Chinese banks - Bank of China BACHY  and China Construction Bank CICHY  have been raised to this rank.The final bucket consists of names such as Morgan Stanley MS  , State Street Corporation STT  and UBS Group UBS  . The addition of Royal Bank of Canada RY  to the list in place of Groupe BPCE has been a major change.Royal Bank of Canada announced that it meets the required 1% of additional capital and thus does not expect any effect on its capital position.The FSB was established after the 2008 crisis to protect the markets from another shock. Banks on the list are supposed to comply with the additional capital requirement effective Jan 1, 2018. Wall Street's Next Amazon  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.