Investing for the long termIf you've got it, don't flaunt itJoin the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!  Royal Bank of Canada RY  reported fourth-quarter fiscal 2017 (ended Oct 31, 2017) net income of C$2.8 billion ($2.2 billion), up 12% from the prior-year quarter.    Royal Bank Of Canada Price    |      Royal Bank Of Canada Quote Royal Bank of Canada currently has a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell). You can see   the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy)   stocks here   .   Performance of Other Foreign Banks    The Bank of Nova Scotia BNS  reported fourth-quarter fiscal 2017(ended Oct 31) results before the opening bell. Net income for the quarter came in at C$2.1 billion ($1.7 billion), jumping 3% year over year. A rise in revenues and fall in provisions largely drove the improved results. These were partially offset by elevated expenses. Improvement in capital and profitability ratios was impressive.    Among other Canadian banks, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce CM  and The Toronto-Dominion Bank TD  are expected to report fourth-quarter fiscal 2017 results this week.   The Hottest Tech Mega-Trend of All    Last year, it generated $8 billion in global revenues. By 2020, it's predicted to blast through the roof to $47 billion. Famed investor Mark Cuban says it will produce "the world's first trillionaires," but that should still leave plenty of money for regular investors who make the right trades early.    See Zacks' 3 Best Stocks to Play This Trend   >>  
The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc.


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.
					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?
Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.