Separate multiple addresses with commas.Edit your personal detailsChange your password
	After a strong finish on Tuesday, US futures are pointing higher on Wednesday with luxury jeweller Tiffany & Co (NYSE:TIF) in focus before the bell.
	Shares nudged 0.57% lower to US$93.50 after hours as it delivered better than expected third quarter numbers.
	It comes reportedly after a stabilization of sales in the all-important US market and strong demand in Asia.
	Elsewhere,  Royal Bank of Canada (TSE: RY) shares may well be in focus as it posted a fourth quarter  net income of $2.84 billion, up 12% from $2.54 billion a year ago, driven by strong performances in personal and commercial banking, wealth management and capital markets.
	Shares closed 0.54% lower on  Tuesday at C$100.45.
	Analysts are expecting PVH Corp (NYSE:PVH) to have earned US$2.91 per share on revenues of US$2.34 billion in the latest quarter. It reports after market close.
	Shares closed yesterday up 1.72% to US$137.56.
	Meanwhile, analysts expect La-Z-Boy Incorporated (NYSE: LZB) to post quarterly earnings at $0.45 per share on revenue of $389.93 million after the bell. La-Z-Boy shares added 1.03% to US$29.50 in extended hours.No investment adviceThe Company is a publisher. You understand and agree that no content published on the Site constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for any specific person. You further understand that none of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, advisability, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter.You understand that the Site may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities mentioned in other products, including company related products, and that those opinions may be different from those obtained by using another product related to the Company. You understand and agree that contributors may write about securities in which they or their firms have a position, and that they may trade such securities for their own account. In cases where the position is held at the time of publication and such position is known to the Company, appropriate disclosure is made. However, you understand and agree that at the time of any transaction that you make, one or more contributors may have a position in the securities written about. You understand that price and other data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made using such data, and that neither such data nor such calculations are guaranteed by these sources, the Company, the information providers or any other person or entity, and may not be complete or accurate.From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.Tiffany & Co. is a jeweler and specialty retailer whose principal  merchandise offering is fine jewelry,  timepieces, sterling silverware, china, crystal, stationery, fragrances  and accessories.Tiffany & Co. is a jeweler and specialty retailer whose principal  merchandise offering is fine jewelry,  timepieces, sterling silverware, china, crystal, stationery, fragrances  and accessories.
			© Proactive Investors 2017		