
Presentations will focus on a wide range of disease areas including 
      multiple myeloma, lymphoma, acute myeloid leukemia, myelodysplastic 
      syndromes and beta-thalassemia and novel technologies such as CAR-T cell 
      therapy
SUMMIT, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ:CELG) today announced that data from 282 
      abstracts, including more than 60 oral presentations, evaluating Celgene 
      investigational agents and investigational uses of marketed products 
      will be presented at the 59th American Society of Hematology 
      Annual Meeting between Dec. 9-12 in Atlanta, GA.
    
      Presentations will include investigational data from Celgene agents in 
      company-sponsored or investigator-initiated studies.
    
      “Disease altering advances in hematology are coming at a more rapid pace 
      than ever and we are looking forward to new insights into the treatment 
      of deadly blood cancers and other serious diseases,” said Nadim Ahmed, 
      President, Hematology and Oncology for Celgene. “Presentations 
      highlighting data from more than 150 studies in multiple myeloma 
      utilizing the foundation of IMiD® therapies in 
      investigational uses continue to grow the body of evidence for these 
      treatments. We are also excited about results from novel technologies 
      such as CAR-T cell therapy and other pipeline candidates across multiple 
      disease areas that demonstrate our commitment to patients with 
      life-threatening hematologic diseases.”
    
      Selected abstracts include*:
    
Multiple Myeloma

      Data will be presented from the immunotherapy-focused collaboration 
      between Celgene and bluebird bio demonstrating significant potential in 
      multiple myeloma research:
    
      Abstract #740; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11. 3 p.m., Hall C1, Durable clinical 
      responses in heavily pretreated patients with relapsed/refractory 
      multiple myeloma: Updated results from a multicenter study of bb2121 
      anti-BCMA CAR T cell therapy (Kochenderfer)
    
      Among the more than 150 studies including IMiD-based regimens, including 
      investigational combinations, there are presentations across the myeloma 
      continuum. Some of these include:
    
      Abstract #1811; Poster; Saturday, Dec. 9, 5:30 p.m., Hall A2, Safety and 
      Efficacy of Pomalidomide (POM) + Low-Dose Dexamethasone (LoDEX) + 
      Daratumumab (DARA) As Second- or Third-Line Therapy in Patients with 
      Relapsed and/or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM) after Lenalidomide 
      (LEN)-Based Treatment (Tx) Failure (Siegel)
    
      Abstract #400; Oral; Sunday, Dec. 10, 10:15 a.m., C101, Response-Adapted 
      Lenalidomide Maintenance in Newly Diagnosed, Transplant-Eligible 
      Multiple Myeloma: Results from the Multicenter Phase III GMMG-MM5 Trial 
      (Goldschmidt)
    
      Abstract #402; Oral; Sunday, Dec. 10, 10:45 a.m., C101, Curative 
      Strategy for High-Risk Smoldering Myeloma (GEM-CESAR): Carfilzomib, 
      Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (KRd) As Induction Followed By HDT-ASCT, 
      Consolidation with Krd and Maintenance with Rd (Mateos)
    
      Abstract #436; Oral; Sunday, Dec. 10, 12:45 p.m., Hall C4, Lenalidomide 
      maintenance significantly improves outcomes compared to observation 
      irrespective of cytogenetic risk: Results of the Myeloma XI trial 
      (Jackson)
    
      Abstract #739; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 2:45 p.m., Hall C1, Daratumumab, 
      Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (DRd) Versus Lenalidomide and 
      Dexamethasone (Rd) in Relapsed or Refractory Multiple Myeloma (RRMM): 
      Updated Efficacy and Safety Analysis of Pollux (Dimopoulos)
    
      Abstract #743; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 3:45 p.m., Hall C1, Overall 
      Survival (OS) of Patients with Relapsed/Refractory Multiple Myeloma 
      (RRMM) Treated with Carfilzomib, Lenalidomide, and Dexamethasone (KRd) 
      Versus Lenalidomide and Dexamethasone (Rd): Final Analysis from the 
      Randomized Phase 3 Aspire Trial (Stewart)
    
      Abstract #837; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11 5 p.m., Hall C1, A Multicenter Open 
      Label Phase II Study of Pomalidomide, Cyclophosphamide and Dexamethasone 
      in Relapse Multiple Myeloma Patients Initially Treated with 
      Lenalidomide, Bortezomib and Dexamethasone (Garderet)
    
      Abstract #904; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 7 p.m., Hall C4, Minimal Residual 
      Disease in the Maintenance Setting in Myeloma: Prognostic Significance 
      and Impact of Lenalidomide (de Tute)
    
      Abstract #905; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 7:15 p.m., Hall C4, Impact of 
      Next-Generation Flow (NGF) Minimal Residual Disease (MRD) Monitoring in 
      Multiple Myeloma (MM): Results from the Pethema/GEM2012 Trial (Paiva)
    
Lymphomas/Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL)

      Updated data from the CAR-T program JCAR-017 in partnership with Juno 
      Therapeutics will be presented in multiple studies:
    
      Abstract #193; Oral; Saturday, Dec. 9, 2 p.m., C101, Auditorium Patient 
      Characteristics and Pre-Infusion Biomarkers of Inflammation Correlate 
      with Clinical Outcomes after Treatment with the Defined Composition, 
      CD19-Targeted CAR T Cell Product, JCAR017 (Siddiqi)
    
      Abstract #194; Oral; Saturday, Dec. 9, 2:15 p.m., C101, Auditorium 
      Predicting Clinical Response and Safety of JCAR017 in B-NHL Patients: 
      Potential Importance of Tumor Microenvironment Biomarkers and CAR T-Cell 
      Tumor Infiltration (Swanson)
    
      Abstract #581; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 8 a.m., A411-A412, High Durable CR 
      Rates in Relapsed/Refractory (R/R) Aggressive B-NHL Treated with JCAR017 
      (TRANSCEND NHL 001): Defined Composition CD19-Directed CAR T Cell 
      Product Allows for Dose Finding and Definition of Pivotal Cohort 
      (Abramson)
    
      Several studies presented focus on investigational chemotherapy-free 
      treatment approaches in indolent lymphoma and CLL, including R2 (REVLIMID® 
      + rituximab), while further data from Celgene’s pipeline demonstrates 
      our commitment to new lymphoma research.
    
      Abstract #154; Oral; Saturday, Dec. 9, 12:45 p.m., A411-A412, Initial 
      Treatment with Lenalidomide Plus Rituximab for Mantle Cell Lymphoma: 
      5-year Follow-up and Correlative Analysis from a Multi-center Phase II 
      Study (Ruan)
    
      Abstract #192; Oral; Saturday, Dec. 9, 3:15 p.m., A411-A412, A Phase I, 
      Open–Label, Multicenter Trial of Oral Azacitidine (CC-486) Plus R–CHOP 
      in Patients with High-Risk, Previously Untreated Diffuse Large B-Cell 
      Lymphoma, Grade 3B Follicular Lymphoma, or Transformed Lymphoma (Martin)
    
      Abstract #411; Oral; Sunday, Dec. 10, 12:30 p.m., Hall C1, CC-122, a 
      Novel Cereblon Modulating Agent, in Combination with Obinutuzumab 
      (GA101) in Patients with Relapsed and Refractory (R/R) B–cell 
      Non–Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL) (Michot)
    
      Abstract #482; Oral; Sunday, Dec. 10, 4:45 p.m., Hall C1, A 3-Arm 
      Randomized Phase II Trial with Bendamustine/Rituximab Therapy in 
      Untreated High Risk (HR) Follicular Lymphoma (FL): Bortezomib Induction 
      or Novel IMiD Continuation (BIONIC) Study from the ECOG-ACRIN Cancer 
      Research Group (Evens)
    
      Abstract #729; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 3:15 p.m., C101 Auditorium, 
      Lenalidomide Treatment Restores In Vivo T Cell Activity in 
      Relapsed/Refractory FL and DLBCL (Menard)
    
Myeloid Diseases

      In acute myeloid leukemia (AML), new data for investigational uses of 
      IDHIFA® (enasidenib) in patients in the relapsed/refractory 
      and front-line settings in combinations, as well as new phase II data 
      for CC486 in post-transplant maintenance for AML and in patients with 
      MDS will be presented.
    
      Abstract #1299; Poster; Saturday, Dec. 9, 5:30 p.m., Hall A2, Continuing 
      Enasidenib Treatment for Patients with Mutant-IDH2 (mIDH2) Relapsed or 
      Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia (R/R AML) with Stable Disease May 
      Result in Improved Survival and Responses over Time (Stein)
    
      Abstract #638; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 10:45 a.m., Murphy Ballroom 1-2, 
      Enasidenib Monotherapy Is Effective and Well-tolerated in Patients with 
      Previously Untreated Mutant-IDH2 (mIDH2) Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) 
      (Pollyea)
    
      Abstract #639; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 11 a.m., Murphy Ballroom 1-2, 
      Mutant Isocitrate Dehydrogenase (mIDH) Inhibitors, Enasidenib or 
      Ivosidenib, in Combination with Azacitidine (AZA): Preliminary Results 
      of a Phase 1b/2 Study in Patients with mIDH Newly Diagnosed Acute 
      Myeloid Leukemia (AML) (DiNardo)
    
      Abstract #726; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 4 p.m., Murphy Ballroom 1-2, A 
      phase 1 trial of ivosidenib and enasidenib combined with standard 
      induction chemotherapy in newly diagnosed AML patients with an IDH1 
      and/or IDH2 mutation (Stein)
    
      Abstract #751; Oral; Monday, Dec. 11, 2:45 p.m., C211-C213, Quality of 
      Life in Patients with β-Thalassemia: Transfusion Dependent Versus 
      Non-Transfusion Dependent (Cappellini)
    
      Abstract #4512; Poster; Monday, Dec. 11, 6 p.m., Hall A2, Final Analysis 
      of the Phase I/II Study of CC-486 (Oral Azacitidine) Maintenance Therapy 
      after Allogeneic Stem Cell Transplantation (Allo-SCT) in Patients with 
      Acute Myeloid Leukemia (AML) or Myelodysplastic Syndromes (MDS) (de Lima)
    
      The safety and efficacy of investigational agents and/or investigational 
      uses of approved marketed products have not been established. There is 
      no guarantee that the agents will receive health authority approval or 
      become commercially available in any country for the uses being 
      investigated.
    
      A complete listing of abstracts can be found on the ASH Web site at http://www.hematology.org/Annual-Meeting/Abstracts/

      *All times Eastern Standard Time
    
About REVLIMID®REVLIMID® 
      (lenalidomide) in combination with dexamethasone (dex) is indicated for 
      the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma (MM)REVLIMID 
      is indicated as maintenance therapy in patients with MM following 
      autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (auto-HSCT)REVLIMID® 
      is indicated for the treatment of patients with transfusion-dependent 
      anemia due to low-or intermediate-1–risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) 
      associated with a deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality with or without 
      additional cytogenetic abnormalitiesREVLIMID® 
      is indicated for the treatment of patients with mantle cell lymphoma 
      (MCL) whose disease has relapsed or progressed after two prior 
      therapies, one of which included bortezomibREVLIMID is not 
      indicated and is not recommended for the treatment of patients with 
      chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) outside of controlled clinical trials

Important Safety Information

WARNING: EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY, HEMATOLOGIC TOXICITY, and VENOUS and 
      ARTERIAL THROMBOEMBOLISM

Embryo-Fetal Toxicity

Do not use REVLIMID during pregnancy. Lenalidomide, a thalidomide 
      analogue, caused limb abnormalities in a developmental monkey study. 
      Thalidomide is a known human teratogen that causes severe 
      life-threatening human birth defects. If lenalidomide is used during 
      pregnancy, it may cause birth defects or embryo-fetal death. In females 
      of reproductive potential, obtain 2 negative pregnancy tests before 
      starting REVLIMID treatment. Females of reproductive potential must use 
      2 forms of contraception or continuously abstain from heterosexual sex 
      during and for 4 weeks after REVLIMID treatment. To avoid embryo-fetal 
      exposure to lenalidomide, REVLIMID is only available through a 
      restricted distribution program, the REVLIMID REMS® 
      program).

Information about the REVLIMID REMS® program is 
      available at www.celgeneriskmanagement.com 
      or by calling the manufacturer’s toll-free number 1-888-423-5436.

Hematologic Toxicity (Neutropenia and 
      Thrombocytopenia)

REVLIMID can cause significant neutropenia and thrombocytopenia. 
      Eighty percent of patients with del 5q MDS had to have a dose 
      delay/reduction during the major study. Thirty-four percent of patients 
      had to have a second dose delay/reduction. Grade 3 or 4 hematologic 
      toxicity was seen in 80% of patients enrolled in the study. Patients on 
      therapy for del 5q MDS should have their complete blood counts monitored 
      weekly for the first 8 weeks of therapy and at least monthly thereafter. 
      Patients may require dose interruption and/or reduction. Patients may 
      require use of blood product support and/or growth factors.

Venous and Arterial Thromboembolism

REVLIMID has demonstrated a significantly increased risk of deep vein 
      thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE), as well as risk of 
      myocardial infarction and stroke in patients with MM who were treated 
      with REVLIMID and dexamethasone therapy. Monitor for and advise patients 
      about signs and symptoms of thromboembolism. Advise patients to seek 
      immediate medical care if they develop symptoms such as shortness of 
      breath, chest pain, or arm or leg swelling. Thromboprophylaxis is 
      recommended and the choice of regimen should be based on an assessment 
      of the patient’s underlying risks.

CONTRAINDICATIONS

Pregnancy: REVLIMID can cause fetal harm when administered to a 
      pregnant female and is contraindicated in females who are pregnant. If 
      this drug is used during pregnancy or if the patient becomes pregnant 
      while taking this drug, the patient should be apprised of the potential 
      risk to the fetus
    
Allergic Reactions: REVLIMID is contraindicated in patients who 
      have demonstrated hypersensitivity (e.g., angioedema, Stevens-Johnson 
      syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis) to lenalidomide
    
WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS

Embryo-Fetal Toxicity: See Boxed WARNINGS

REVLIMID REMS® Program: See Boxed WARNINGS: 
      Prescribers and pharmacies must be certified with the REVLIMID REMS 
      program by enrolling and complying with the REMS requirements; 
      pharmacies must only dispense to patients who are authorized to receive 
      REVLIMID. Patients must sign a Patient-Physician Agreement Form and 
      comply with REMS requirements; female patients of reproductive potential 
      who are not pregnant must comply with the pregnancy testing and 
      contraception requirements and males must comply with contraception 
      requirements
    
Hematologic Toxicity: REVLIMID can cause significant neutropenia 
      and thrombocytopenia. Monitor patients with neutropenia for signs 
      of infection. Advise patients to observe for bleeding or bruising, 
      especially with use of concomitant medications that may increase risk of 
      bleeding. MM: Patients taking 
      REVLIMID/dex or REVLIMID maintenance therapy should have their complete 
      blood counts (CBC) assessed every 7 days for the first 2 cycles, on days 
      1 and 15 of cycle 3, and every 28 days thereafter. MDS: 
      Patients on therapy for del 5q MDS should have their complete blood 
      counts monitored weekly for the first 8 weeks of therapy and at least 
      monthly thereafter. Patients may require dose interruption and/or dose 
      reduction. Please see the Black Box WARNINGS for further 
      information. MCL: Patients 
      taking REVLIMID for MCL should have their CBCs monitored weekly for the 
      first cycle (28 days), every 2 weeks during cycles 2-4, and then monthly 
      thereafter. Patients may require dose interruption and/or dose reduction
    
Venous and Arterial Thromboembolism: See Boxed WARNINGS: Venous 
      thromboembolic events (DVT and PE) and arterial thromboses (MI and CVA) 
      are increased in patients treated with REVLIMID. Patients with known 
      risk factors, including prior thrombosis, may be at greater risk and 
      actions should be taken to try to minimize all modifiable factors (e.g., 
      hyperlipidemia, hypertension, smoking). Thromboprophylaxis is 
      recommended and the regimen should be based on patient’s underlying 
      risks. ESAs and estrogens may further increase the risk of thrombosis 
      and their use should be based on a benefit-risk decision
    
Increased Mortality in Patients with CLL: In a clinical trial in 
      the first-line treatment of patients with CLL, single agent REVLIMID 
      therapy increased the risk of death as compared to single agent 
      chlorambucil. Serious adverse cardiovascular reactions, including atrial 
      fibrillation, myocardial infarction, and cardiac failure, occurred more 
      frequently in the REVLIMID arm. REVLIMID is not indicated and not 
      recommended for use in CLL outside of controlled clinical trials
    
Second Primary Malignancies (SPM): In clinical trials in patients 
      with MM receiving REVLIMID, an increase of hematologic plus solid tumor 
      SPM, notably AML and MDS, have been observed. Monitor patients for the 
      development of SPM. Take into account both the potential benefit of 
      REVLIMID and risk of SPM when considering treatment
    
Hepatotoxicity: Hepatic failure, including fatal cases, has 
      occurred in patients treated with REVLIMID/dex. Pre-existing viral liver 
      disease, elevated baseline liver enzymes, and concomitant medications 
      may be risk factors. Monitor liver enzymes periodically. Stop REVLIMID 
      upon elevation of liver enzymes. After return to baseline values, 
      treatment at a lower dose may be considered
    
Allergic Reactions: Angioedema and serious dermatologic reactions 
      including Stevens-Johnson syndrome (SJS) and toxic epidermal necrolysis 
      (TEN) have been reported. These events can be fatal. Patients with a 
      prior history of Grade 4 rash associated with thalidomide treatment 
      should not receive REVLIMID. REVLIMID interruption or discontinuation 
      should be considered for Grade 2-3 skin rash. REVLIMID must be 
      discontinued for angioedema, Grade 4 rash, exfoliative or bullous rash, 
      or if SJS or TEN is suspected and should not be resumed following 
      discontinuation for these reactions. REVLIMID capsules contain lactose; 
      risk-benefit of treatment should be evaluated in patients with lactose 
      intolerance
    
Tumor Lysis Syndrome (TLS): Fatal instances of TLS have been 
      reported during treatment with lenalidomide. The patients at risk of TLS 
      are those with high tumor burden prior to treatment. These patients 
      should be monitored closely and appropriate precautions taken
    
Tumor Flare Reaction (TFR): TFR has occurred during 
      investigational use of lenalidomide for CLL and lymphoma. Monitoring and 
      evaluation for TFR is recommended in patients with MCL. Tumor flare may 
      mimic the progression of disease (PD). In patients with Grade 3 or 4 
      TFR, it is recommended to withhold treatment with REVLIMID until TFR 
      resolves to ≤ Grade 1. REVLIMID may be continued in patients with Grade 
      1 and 2 TFR without interruption or modification, at the physician’s 
      discretion
    
Impaired Stem Cell Mobilization: A decrease in the number of 
      CD34+ cells collected after treatment (>4 cycles) with REVLIMID has been 
      reported. Consider early referral to transplant center to optimize 
      timing of the stem cell collection
    
Thyroid Disorders: Both hypothyroidism and hyperthyroidism have 
      been reported. Measure thyroid function before start of REVLIMID 
      treatment and during therapy
    
ADVERSE REACTIONS

Multiple Myeloma

Myelodysplastic Syndromes

Mantle Cell Lymphoma

DRUG INTERACTIONS

      Periodic monitoring of digoxin plasma levels is recommended due to 
      increased Cmax and AUC with concomitant REVLIMID therapy. 
      Patients taking concomitant therapies such as erythropoietin stimulating 
      agents or estrogen containing therapies may have an increased risk of 
      thrombosis. It is not known whether there is an interaction between dex 
      and warfarin. Close monitoring of PT and INR is recommended in patients 
      with MM taking concomitant warfarin
    
USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS:

Please see full Prescribing 
      Information, including Boxed WARNINGS.

About POMALYST/IMNOVID

Indication

      POMALYST® (pomalidomide) is a thalidomide analogue indicated, 
      in combination with dexamethasone, for patients with multiple myeloma 
      who have received at least two prior therapies including lenalidomide 
      and a proteasome inhibitor and have demonstrated disease progression on 
      or within 60 days of completion of the last therapy.
    
Important Safety Information

WARNING: EMBRYO-FETAL TOXICITY and VENOUS AND ARTERIAL THROMBOEMBOLISM

Embryo-Fetal Toxicity

POMALYST is only available through a restricted distribution program 
      called POMALYST REMS®.

Venous and Arterial Thromboembolism

CONTRAINDICATIONS

WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS

ADVERSE REACTIONS

      Nearly all patients treated with POMALYST + low-dose dex experienced at 
      least one adverse reaction (99%). The most common adverse reactions 
      included neutropenia (51.3%), fatigue and asthenia (46.7%), upper 
      respiratory tract infection (31%), thrombocytopenia (29.7%), pyrexia 
      (26.7%), dyspnea (25.3%), diarrhea (22%), constipation (21.7%), back 
      pain (19.7%), cough (20%), pneumonia (19.3%), bone pain (18%), edema 
      peripheral (17.3%), peripheral neuropathy (17.3%), muscle spasms 
      (15.3%), and nausea (15%). Grade 3 or 4 adverse reactions included 
      neutropenia (48.3%), thrombocytopenia (22%), and pneumonia (15.7%).
    
DRUG INTERACTIONS

      Avoid concomitant use of POMALYST with strong inhibitors of CYP1A2. 
      Consider alternative treatments. If a strong CYP1A2 inhibitor must be 
      used, reduce POMALYST dose by 50%.
    
USE IN SPECIFIC POPULATIONS

Please see full Prescribing 
      Information, including Boxed WARNINGS.

About IDHIFA

      IDHIFA (enasidenib) is indicated for the treatment of adult patients 
      with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia with an isocitrate 
      dehydrogenase-2 mutation as detected by an FDA-approved test.
    
Important Safety Information

WARNING: DIFFERENTIATION SYNDROME

Patients treated with IDHIFA have experienced symptoms of 
      differentiation syndrome, which can be fatal if not treated. Symptoms 
      may include fever, dyspnea, acute respiratory distress, pulmonary 
      infiltrates, pleural or pericardial effusions, rapid weight gain or 
      peripheral edema, lymphadenopathy, bone pain, and hepatic, renal, or 
      multi-organ dysfunction. If differentiation syndrome is suspected, 
      initiate corticosteroid therapy and hemodynamic monitoring until symptom 
      resolution.

WARNINGS AND PRECAUTIONS

Differentiation Syndrome: See Boxed WARNING. In the clinical 
      trial, 14% of patients treated with IDHIFA experienced differentiation 
      syndrome. Differentiation syndrome has been observed with and without 
      concomitant hyperleukocytosis, as early as 10 days and at up to 5 months 
      after IDHIFA initiation. If differentiation syndrome is suspected, 
      initiate systemic corticosteroids and hemodynamic monitoring until 
      improvement. Taper corticosteroids only after resolution of symptoms. 
      Differentiation syndrome symptoms may recur with premature 
      discontinuation of corticosteroids. If severe pulmonary symptoms 
      requiring intubation or ventilator support and/or renal dysfunction 
      persist for more than 48 hours after initiation of corticosteroids, 
      interrupt IDHIFA until signs and symptoms are no longer severe. 
      Hospitalization for close observation and monitoring of patients with 
      pulmonary and/or renal manifestation is recommended.
    
Embryo-Fetal Toxicity: Based on animal embryo-fetal 
      toxicity studies, IDHIFA can cause embryo-fetal harm when administered 
      to a pregnant woman. Advise females of reproductive potential and males 
      with female partners of reproductive potential to use effective 
      contraception during treatment with IDHIFA and for at least 1 month 
      after the last dose. Pregnant women, patients becoming pregnant while 
      receiving IDHIFA, or male patients with pregnant female partners should 
      be apprised of the potential risk to the fetus.
    
ADVERSE REACTIONS

LACTATION

      Many drugs are excreted in human milk and because of the potential for 
      adverse reactions in breastfed infants, advise women not to breastfeed 
      during treatment with IDHIFA and for at least 1 month after the last 
      dose.
    
Please see full Prescribing 
      Information, including Boxed WARNING

About Celgene

      Celgene Corporation, headquartered in Summit, New Jersey, is an 
      integrated global biopharmaceutical company engaged primarily in the 
      discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies for 
      the treatment of cancer and inflammatory diseases through 
      next-generation solutions in protein homeostasis, immuno-oncology, 
      epigenetics, immunology and neuro-inflammation. For more information, 
      please visit www.celgene.com. 
      Follow Celgene on Social Media: @Celgene, Pinterest, LinkedIn, Facebook and YouTube.
    
Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements, which are 
      generally statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking 
      statements can be identified by the words "expects," "anticipates," 
      "believes," "intends," "estimates," "plans," "will," “outlook” and 
      similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on 
      management’s current plans, estimates, assumptions and projections, and 
      speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to 
      update any forward-looking statement in light of new information or 
      future events, except as otherwise required by law. Forward-looking 
      statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are 
      difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control. Actual 
      results or outcomes may differ materially from those implied by the 
      forward-looking statements as a result of the impact of a number of 
      factors, many of which are discussed in more detail in our Annual Report 
      on Form 10-K and our other reports filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission.

Hyperlinks are provided as a convenience and for informational 
      purposes only. Celgene bears responsibility for the security or content 
      of external websites or websites outside of its control.


      CelgeneInvestors:+1-908-673-9628ir@celgene.comorMedia:+1-908-673-2275media@celgene.com

      CelgeneInvestors:+1-908-673-9628ir@celgene.comorMedia:+1-908-673-2275media@celgene.com
