SUMMIT, N.J.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ: CELG) today announced its intention 
      to offer, subject to market and other conditions, senior unsecured notes 
      under a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 on file with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission. The interest rate, the maturity 
      dates and other key terms of the offering are to be determined at the 
      time of pricing.
    
      Celgene expects to use the net proceeds of this offering for the 
      repayment, on or prior to the maturity thereof, of $1,000 million 
      aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 2.125% senior notes and 
      $400 million aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 2.300% senior 
      notes, each maturing in August 2018, together with any applicable 
      “make-whole” interest amounts thereon, with any remaining net proceeds 
      to be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, without 
      limitation, further development of its clinical and pre-clinical 
      programs, capital expenditures, general corporate development 
      activities, meeting working capital needs and share repurchases of its 
      common stock.
    
      Barclays Capital Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman Sachs 
      & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are 
      acting as joint book-running managers and representatives of the several 
      underwriters. A copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the 
      accompanying base prospectus, which is filed as part of Celgene’s 
      effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 
      333-214279), may be obtained from any of the representatives by calling 
      Barclays Capital Inc. at 1-888-603-5847, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) 
      LLC at 1-800-221-1037, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC at 1-866-471-2526, J.P. 
      Morgan Securities LLC at 1-212-834-4533 or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC at 
      1-866-718-1649.
    
      An electronic copy of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the 
      accompanying base prospectus may also be obtained at no charge at the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov.
    
      This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a 
      solicitation of an offer to buy the notes described herein, nor shall 
      there be any sale of these notes in any state or jurisdiction in which 
      such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration 
      or qualification under the laws of such jurisdiction. The offering of 
      the notes will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and the 
      accompanying base prospectus.
    
About Celgene

      Celgene Corporation, headquartered in Summit, New Jersey, is an 
      integrated global biopharmaceutical company engaged primarily in the 
      discovery, development and commercialization of innovative therapies for 
      the treatment of cancer and inflammatory diseases through 
      next-generation solutions in protein homeostasis, immuno-oncology, 
      epigenetics, immunology and neuro-inflammation. For more information, 
      please visit www.celgene.com. 
      Follow Celgene on Social Media: @Celgene, 
      Pinterest, 
      LinkedIn, 
      Facebook 
      and YouTube.
    
Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements, which are 
      generally statements that are not historical facts. Forward-looking 
      statements can be identified by the words "expects," "anticipates," 
      "believes," "intends," "estimates," "plans," "will," “outlook” and 
      similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on 
      management’s current plans, estimates, assumptions and projections, and 
      speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to 
      update any forward-looking statement in light of new information or 
      future events, except as otherwise required by law. Forward-looking 
      statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties, most of which are 
      difficult to predict and are generally beyond our control. Actual 
      results or outcomes may differ materially from those implied by the 
      forward-looking statements as a result of the impact of a number of 
      factors, many of which are discussed in more detail in our Annual Report 
      on Form 10-K and our other reports filed with the Securities and 
      Exchange Commission.

Hyperlinks are provided as a convenience and for informational 
      purposes only. Celgene bears no responsibility for the security or 
      content of external websites.

      Celgene CorporationPeter N. Kellogg, 908-673-9811EVP, Chief 
      Financial OfficerorPatrick E. Flanigan III, 908-673-9969CVP, 
      Investor Relations
    

      Celgene CorporationPeter N. Kellogg, 908-673-9811EVP, Chief 
      Financial OfficerorPatrick E. Flanigan III, 908-673-9969CVP, 
      Investor Relations
    
