International growth opportunity will continue to propel Monster forward.Rapid growth, a clean balance sheet and successful innovation efforts make Monster an ideal acquisition target for large beverage operators like Coca-Cola.On the valuation front, however, the numbers suggest that it's better to wait for a pullback before investing.Monster Beverage Corporation (MNST) is paradoxically poised in the middle of a major shift in consumer preferences. Despite being part of a declining soda segment, Monster's niche within the "alternative" beverage category has allowed it to be more resilient than mainstream soda makers. And the growing contribution from international sales to overall revenues makes Monster worthy of a closer look as an investment destination.According to Beverage Marketing Corporation, domestic U.S. wholesale sales in 2016 for the “alternative” beverage category are estimated at approximately $48.5 billion, representing an increase of approximately 7.7% over the estimated domestic U.S. wholesale sales in 2015 of approximately $45.0 billion. Monster’s own net sales have tripled in the last ten years, with the company reporting double-digit sales growth in the last couple of years. Pointedly, gross sales to customers outside the United States came in at $888.7 million, and there is plenty of room for growth here.International sales, which accounted for a mere 4% of Monster’s gross sales in 2007, now account for 25% of the company’s gross sales as of 2016. The bulk of the company’s revenue growth has come from International markets, and I believe that this is where Monster’s long term growth lies. 

Data Source: Company Annual ReportsAccording to data from Research and Markets, the global non-alcoholic beverage segment is expected to increase from $967.3 billion in 2016 to $1.60 trillion in 2025. A CAGR of 5.8% across the segment over the next ten years is great news for Monster, as it will be able to steadily expand its top line during the period. Monster Beverage finished its third quarter with $1.09 billion in cash and short term investments, and carried nothing in the form of long term debt. Current assets were nearly three times the company’s current liabilities, and this is as clean a balance sheet as you’ll see from a company with more than $3 billion in annual revenues.Sadly, the company does not pay dividends, but the good news is that this allows Monster to plow all cash flows back into the company’s growth and share buybacks.The clean balance sheet and the current market cap of around $34 billion also make the company a good acquisition target for large beverage companies that are looking for ways to diversify their revenue streams and add some growing products to their portfolio. Coca-Cola (KO) is already a major investor in Monster Beverage Corporation, having purchased a 16.7% stake back in 2015. Though the companies already have a long term strategic relationship, the further soda headwinds keep dragging Coca-Cola down, the greater the odds of an acquisition bid. Even though the working relationship gives Monster access to Coca-Cola’s well-built delivery network, Coca-Cola possibly needs Monster more than Monster needs Coca-Cola.That’s one of the reasons why I believe an acquisition may be on the cards. Besides, Coca-Cola’s relatively new CEO, James Quincey, is considered by many to be “acquisition friendly”, but still hasn’t hit that home run everyone’s been expecting since he took the reins on May 1. The timing is perfect for a buyout as Coca-Cola re-brands itself with perceived healthier beverage alternatives like Coke Zero Sugar.

Source: StatistaWhether Coca-Cola buys Monster or not, the latter has high growth potential in international markets which, as we saw, only account for a fourth of the company’s gross sales. With industry conditions also remaining favorable, Monster, which holds more than 30% of the United States energy drinks market in 2017, has what it takes to transfer that success overseas.So, regardless of Coca-Cola’s plans, Monster has tremendous growth potential overseas. And innovations like Mutant, the “Super Soda” that the company launched last year, are yielding results even in the U.S. while bucking every health trend possible.During the third quarter of 2017 Monster reported net sales growth of 16.6% (up from $710 million in Q3-16 to $828 million in Q3-17) from the energy drinks segment comprising Monster Energy® drinks, Monster HydroTM energy drinks and Mutant® Super Soda drinks, and that clearly shows the brand value that Monster enjoys despite Mutant containing an exceedingly syrupy 70-72 grams of sugar per 20 oz. bottle! 

In terms of valuation, the stock’s intrinsic value based on Ben Graham’s model comes in at just under $50, showing that the stock is slightly overvalued when using a relatively modest 10% growth rate. That's a direct result of the strong surge the stock has seen since July this year.

MNST data by YChartsThe forward P/E ratio of 40+ also suggests that investors should ideally wait for a pullback before investing. There is no doubt a significant upside from the international growth opportunity, but it might be more prudent to wait for the right opportunity.Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.