Monster Beverage Corporation (NASDAQ:MNST)[Trend Analysis] shares price surged 0.52% during latest trading session.Several salient technical indicators of MNST are now starting to make their way into the trading conversation. Every investor and other stake holder of firm are most concerned with its profitability. So to answer this concerns frequently used tools of financial ratio analysis is profitability ratios, which are used to determine the company’s bottom line and its return to its investors.Start focusing on ordinary profitability ratio which covers margins; MNST has gross profit margin ratio of 62.90% for trailing twelve months and operating margin is calculated as 35.70%, these are a better detectors to find consistency or positive/negative trends in a firm’s earnings. So upper calculated figures are representing the firm’s ability to translate sales dollars into profits at various stages of measurement. To walk around the gross margin figure of firm that looks at how well a company controls the cost of its inventory and the manufacturing of its products and subsequently pass on the costs to its consumers.Following in trace line of profitability ration analysis; second part is covering returns. The returns on investment amplify the findings, the firm’s ROI concludes as 21.60%; it gives idea for personal financial decisions, to compare a firm’s profitability or to compare the efficiency of different investments. The returns on assets of firm also on noticeable level, it has ROA of 17.70%, which signifies how profitable a firm is relative to its total assets.To make strengthen these views, the active industry Monster Beverage Corporation (NASDAQ:MNST) has Quick Ratio of 2.90, which indicates firm has sufficient short-term assets to cover its immediate liabilities. Further, the firm has debt to equity ratio of 0.01, sometimes it remain same with long term debt to equity ratio. Taking notice on volatility measures, price volatility of stock was 1.33% for a week and 2.06% for a month.Expedia, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPE) [Trend Analysis] shares in most recent trading session moved down -0.79% after traded at $125.68. Ticker has price to earnings growth of 2.93, which is a valuation metric for determining relative trade-off among price of a stock.For trailing twelve months, EXPE attains gross profit margin of 82.80% and operating margin stands at 6.70% that is showing consistency of trends in firm’s earnings. While to figure out more clear vision, firm’s returns on investment calculated as 6%; it gives answer about efficiency of different investments in different securities. The returns on assets of firm also presenting perceptible condition of profitability, it has ROA of 2.30%, the very positive ratio starts from >+15% and very negative hits to <-15%.The firm has noticeable volatility credentials; price volatility of stock was 1.98% for a week and 2.40% for a month. The performance of firm for the quarter recorded as -12.72% and for year stands at -0.19%, while the YTD performance was 10.95%. The firm attains 3.50 for Average True Range for 14 days. The stock price of EXPE is moving up from its 20 days moving average with 2.55% and isolated negatively from 50 days moving average with -8.09%.

 

