
The Stock Rover
Market Monitor & News ResourceSeparating the winners from the losers is a constant challenge for investors. Many focused investors may look to track stock momentum based on historical prices. Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) currently has a 6 month price index of 1.14684. The six month price index is calculated by dividing the current share price by the share price six months ago. A ratio over one represents an increase in the stock price over the six month time frame. A ratio under one shows that the price has lowered over that defined time period.When it comes to securing profits in the stock market, investors may be trying to find a perfect system to help attain that goal. Dedicated investors may try strategies that have been passed on to them from other seasoned investors. Even after reading every piece of literature about investing, it might be hard to figure out which way is the best way to successfully conquer the market.  Studying up on company fundamentals and following technical stock levels can be a good place to start, but creating and implementing a plan can be difficult. As we all know, markets change over time. What drives a market during one point in time may not drive the market at a future date. Knowing what to look for when studying technical levels or fundamentals may help lead down the path to increased profits. Many investors will choose to study the indicators with the highest probability of forecasting future market action. Traders might also be keeping an eye on the Piotroski Score or F-Score. The score is named after its developer Joseph Piotroski who created a ranking scale from 0-9 to help determine the financial strength of a company. Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) currently has a Piotroski Score of 7. To arrive at this score, Piotroski gave one point for every piece of criteria met out of the nine considered. In terms of profitability, one point was given if there was a positive return on assets in the current year, one point if operating cash flow was positive in the current year, one point for higher ROA in the current period compared to ROA for the previous year, and one point for cash flow from operations greater than ROA. In terms of leverage and liquidity, one point was given for a lower ratio of long term debt in the current period compared to the previous year, one point was given for higher current ratio compared to the previous year, and one point if no new shares were issued in the last year. In terms of operating efficiency, one point was given for higher gross margin compared to the previous year, and one point was given for a higher asset turnover ratio compared to the previous year. In general, a stock with a score of 8 or 9 would be considered strong while a stock with a score from 0-2 would be considered weak.Investors may also be watching company stock volatility data. Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX)’s 12 month volatility is presently 13.579900. The 6 month volatility is 14.143300, and the 3 month is noted at 14.165400. Stock price volatility may be used to identify changes in market trends. When markets become very volatile, this may point to a change in investor sentiment. Watching volatility in combination with other technical indicators may help investors discover important trading information.Diving in a bit further, we can take a quick look at the Q.i. (Liquidity) Value. Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) has a present Q.i. value of 48.00000. This value ranks stocks using EBITDA yield, FCF yield, earnings yield and liquidity ratios. The Q.i. value may help spot companies that are undervalued. A larger value would represent low turnover and a higher chance of shares being mispriced. A lower value may indicate larger traded value meaning more sell-side analysts may cover the company leading to a smaller chance shares are priced improperly.Investors may be taking a closer look stock market trends as we move into the second half of the year. Investors often have to grapple with the timing of selling a stock. After all the research is done and the portfolio is rounded out, the time will eventually come when decisions need to be made about whether to hold a winner or sell to lock up some profits. Often times, investors will hold on to a certain stock for much too long letting profits erode. Thinking that a hot stock will keep going higher and higher, may lead to lost profits further down the road. On the flip side, investors may become emotionally attached to a stock and not be able to part ways when the time has come. Avoiding the trap of waiting for a stock to bounce back and just break even can lead to the undoing of the portfolio. The belief that a particular stock will definitely come back to the buying level may leave investors out in the cold. Being able to keep the emotions in check and stay focused on the pertinent data, may help the stock portfolio thrive into the future.Investors keeping an eye on shares of Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) may be examining the company’s FCF or Free Cash Flow as well. FCF is a measure of the financial performance of a company. FCF is calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from operating cash flow. Currently, Chevron Corporation has an FCF score of 2.050346. The FCF score is an indicator that is calculated by combining free cash flow stability with free cash flow growth. Typically, a higher FCF score value would indicate high free cash flow growth. The company currently has an FCF quality score of -0.842698. The free quality score helps estimate free cash flow stability. FCF quality is calculated as the 12 ltm cash flow per share over the average of the cash flow numbers. With this score, it is generally considered that the lower the ratio, the better.Investors paying close attention to the daily ebbs and flows of the stock market may be trying to guess which way momentum will swing into the next couple of months. Finding those stocks that are ready to ride the lightning may not be the easiest task with markets chugging along near all time highs. Investors may have to first figure out how much risk they want to take on when picking the next round of stocks. Once the risk appetite is determined, investors can start to decide whether they think it is best to go with the flow or buck the trend. Either way, paying attention to short-term and long-term price moves may help paint a clearer picture of what is happening with a particular stock. Maybe those stocks that were sure-fire winners a few months ago have lost some steam. Adjusting the portfolio may or may not be necessary, but knowing exactly what stocks are owned and how they are performing may help with additional decision making along the way. Of course nobody wants to be on the outside looking in as a stock is taking off, but there should be plenty of other opportunities in the future. Staying current with global economic conditions and keeping a finger on the pulse of the company during earnings season can help shed some light on where the stock may be headed next.    

