Invest Wisely Earn MoreU.S. stocks were moving broadly higher in early trading Thursday as technology companies rebounded after a steep sell-off a day earlier. Banks and health care stocks also posted solid gains. Energy companies rose along with the price of crude oil. New data showing consumer spending grew in October also helped lift the market.KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 11 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,637 as of 10:04 a.m. Eastern Time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 120 points, or 0.5 percent, to 24,061. The Nasdaq added 27 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,851. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks picked up 4 points, or 0.3 percent, to 1,547. Rising stocks outpaced declining ones on the New York Stock Exchange.ENCOURAGING DATA: The Labor Department said consumers boosted their spending a solid 0.3 percent in October, while their incomes grew 0.4 percent. Both were healthy gains indicating the fourth quarter got off to a strong start. A separate report showed fewer people sought unemployment benefits last week, the latest sign that the U.S. job market is strong.TECH REBOUND: A day after technology stocks fell sharply, investors seized upon the lower share prices to buy into the sector. Synopsys jumped $4.71, or 5.4 percent, to $91.48. NetApp added $1.04, or 1.8 percent, to $57.27. (Source: Seattle Times)Stock to Watch: Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX)On Thursday, Shares of Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX) expressed a change of 0.61% and is currently trading at $117.90. The stock exchanged hands with 1,117,352 numbers of shares compared to its average daily volume of 5.09M shares. When trading is lighter than usual, it is said to be “thin.” When there’s more trading than usual, it is called “heavy trading.” Volume is the basic fuel of the market since stocks move up or down in price only when shares are trading hands.The market capitalization (Stock Price Multiply by Total Number of Outstanding Shares) for the company is reported at $221.42B. The company has its outstanding shares of 1.89B. Outstanding shares refer to a company’s stock presently held by all its shareholders, counting share blocks held by institutional shareholders and restricted shares owned by the company’s officers and insiders. After a recent check, it is observed that the insiders for the firm currently own 0.05% shares. There has been an observed change of -26.98% in the ownership of the shares in the past six months. However, the institutional investors are observed to own 65.90% of the total shares. During last 3 month period, 2.37% of total institutional ownership has changed in the company shares.What Historical Figures Say About Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX)?Before trading, trader, investor or shareholder must have an eye on stock’s historical performance. Analysts review historical return data when trying to predict future returns or to estimate how a security might react to a particular situation, such as a drop in consumer demand. Historical returns can also be useful when estimating where future points of data may fall in terms of standard deviations.Analyzing historical data can give some perception of how a security or market has reacted to various different variables, from regular economic cycles to sudden world events. Shareholders looking to interpret historical returns should keep one caveat in mind: you can’t assume that the future will be like the past. The older the historical return data is, the more likely it is to be less useful when predicting future returns. Historical return data for CVX stock is described below:Looking into last 5 trades, the stock observed a return of almost 1.75%. However, 2.44% over the last one month, 8.77% for the last quarter and year to date performance stands at -0.44%.Important Technical Indicators to Consider:ATR value of the company was 1.44 and Relative Strength Index (RSI) was 57.77. The stock volatility for the week was 0.91% while for the month was 1.14%. The stock was trading at a distance of -2.47% from its 52-week highs and stands 14.97% away from its 52-week lows. CVX’s latest closing price was 7.25% away from the average price of 200 days while it maintained a distance of 0.63% from the 50 Day Moving Average and 1.51% away compared to its SMA 20.Analysts’ Suggestions in the Limelight:Analysts have given a mean recommendation of 2.10 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy, “hold” within the 3 range, “sell” within the 4 range, and “strong sell” within the 5 range). The mean target price as estimated by the analysts for the company has been recorded at $124.22.Disclaimer: Any news, report, research, and analysis published on Hotstockspoint.com are only for information purposes. Hot Stocks Point (HSP) makes sure to keep the information up to date and correct, but we didn’t suggest or recommend buying or selling of any financial instrument unless that information is subsequently confirmed on your own. Information in this release is fact checked and produced by competent editors of Hot Stocks Point; however, human error can exist.  Hot Stocks Point Staff includes Robert Ebelling, Rene P. Todd, Robert McCormick, Patricia Myles and Frank Redding.Hot Stocks Point Staff believes that there are emerging and growing companies across various industry sectors with sizeable hidden value. Market disruptive discovery and innovation often occurs in small to mid-size companies that are either misunderstood or underrepresented. So they focus on identifying these companies and uncovering their stories before the rest of the market to ensure that you receive the full story – every single day.Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName * Email * Website  
Our mission is to provide unmatched news and insight on newsworthy and momentum stocks to potential traders looking to execute the best possible public and private capital allocation decisions.Copyright © 2016 · All Rights Reserved · Hot Stocks Point