 How far off is BHP Billiton plc (LSE:BLT) to its intrinsic value? Using the most recent financial data, I am going to take a look now by estimating the company’s future fash flows and discounting them to their present value. Discounted cash flow (DCF) is a valuation method used to estimate the attractiveness of an investment opportunity by taking the expected Future Cash Flows and discounting them to their present value. Don’t get put off by the jargon, the math behind it is actually quite straightforward.  We are going to use a two stage model that takes into account two stages of growth. The first stage may have a high growth rate and the second stage is usually assumed to have a stable growth rate. To begin with we have to get estimates of the next 5 years of cash flows, where possible I use analysts estimates but when these aren’t available I have extrapolated the previous Free Cash Flow (FCF) from the year before. For this growth rate I used the average annual growth rate over the past 5 years, but capped to a reasonable level. The sum of these cash flows is then discounted to today’s value.     LSE:BLT Intrinsic Value Oct 21st 17   Note the numbers here are in millions apart from the per share values. Present value of next 5 years cash flows: $36,803 After calculating the present value of cash flows in the intial 5-year period we need to calculate the Terminal Value, which accounts for all the future cash flows beyond the 1st stage. For a number of reasons a very conservative rate is used that cannot exceed that of the GDP. In this case I have used the 10 year government bond rate (1.5%). In the same way as with the 5 year ‘growth’ period we discount this to today’s value. Terminal Value = FCF2021 × (1 + g) ÷ (Discount Rate – g)Terminal Value = $8,888 × (1 + 1.5%) ÷ (10.7% – 1.5%)Terminal value based on the Perpetuity Method where growth (g) = 1.5%: $97,781Present value of terminal value: $58,779 So the total value is the sum of the next 5 years cash flows and the terminal value discounted to today, this is known as the Equity Value. Equity Value (Total value) = Present value of next 5 years cash flows + terminal value = $36,803 + $58,779 = $95,583 To get the intrinsic value we divide this by the total number of shares outstanding, or the equivalent number if this is a depositary receipt or ADR to get the intrinsic value per share. Value = Total value / Shares Outstanding ($95,582.84 / 5,323.62) Now when we compare the intrinsic value of $13.6 to the current share price of $13.965 we find BHP Billiton (LSE:BLT) is fair value, maybe slightly overvalued at the time of writing.  Now the most important inputs to a discounted cash flow are the discount rate and of course the actual cash flows. You don’t have to agree with my inputs, I recommend redoing the calculations yourself and playing with them. Because we are looking at BHP Billiton as potential investors the Cost of Equity is used as the discount rate, not the Cost of Capital (or Weighed Average Cost of Capital/ WACC) which accounts for debt.  In this calculation I’ve used 10.7% and this is based on a Levered Beta of 1.084. I’m not going to go into how I calculate the Levered Beta in detail, I used the ‘Bottom up Beta’ method based on the comparable businesses, I also impose a limit between 0.8 and 2 which is a reasonable range for a stable business.  Whilst important, DCF calculation shouldn’t be the only metric you look at when researching a company. Is BHP Billiton in a healthy financial condition? What is the reason for the share price to differ from the intrinsic value? See our latest FREE analysis to find out!  PS. Simply Wall St does a DCF calculation for every GB stock every 6 hours, so if you want to find the intrinsic value of any other stock just search here. Jonathan started off his investment career as a trader while he was at university in New Jersey. He loved the high pace and intense nature of the job, but realized that trading is suitable for large institutions, but hard to profit when doing it on your own.This is when Jonathan started educating himself more on fundamental analysis tied to long term investing, and now manages his own family portfolio.

Reach Jonathon by sending an email at jonathon.baker@simplywallst.com.Try us out now!