New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine--even an entirely new economic system.The major tech ecosystems that battle for our attention and dollars.What’s next for hardware, software, and services.The brave new world of automation, from AI to drones.How our urban centers are building toward the future.See members of our Most Creative People in Business community: leaders who are shaping the future of business in creative ways.An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company's distinctive lens.Where do we even begin? It’s a pretty common thought when teams face complicated problems. Any first move appears likely to be the wrong one, so paralysis swiftly settles in.United Technologies Corporation (UTC) has had more than its share of practice getting past this common obstacle. UTC’s scientists, engineers, and designers have developed innovative solutions to extraordinarily complex challenges, like directing the flow of some 3 million pilgrims on the Hajj and devising an air-ventilation system to protect Michelangelo’s frescoes in the Sistine Chapel.At the soon-to-open Digital Accelerator that UTC’s digital division, UT Digital, is setting up in the fast-developing business quarter of DUMBO, Brooklyn, Fast Company Innovation Festival attendees got a glimpse last week  into some of UTC’s design-thinking methods. Here’s one of them.Antoine Veliz, Head of Design at UT Digital. explained that his teams are careful about how they define the types of problems they tackle. That crucial first step requires isolating three elements:Steve Serra, VP of Product and Innovation at UT Digital, helps a team brainstorm adjectives to describe unlabeled images of three objects, in a design-thinking exercise meant as a warm-up to creative problem-solving. [Photo: Jonah Rosenberg]Of course, not every team at every company will face problems of the same type or magnitude that UTC often does. But it can still be helpful to start by teasing out a definition addressing the impact of the issue: why it’s important to solve it in the first place, the complexity of the system from which it arises, and the constraints that any solution will need to account for.When designing spacesuits, UTC engineers realized that they could use the way water behaves in space–a constraint–as part of the insulation system to protect and regulate the temperature of astronauts’ bodies, says Veliz. You don’t have to be an aerospace engineer to take a similar approach.Veliz’s colleague Steve Serra, VP of Product and Innovation at UT Digital, proposed a simple brainstorming exercise to begin reframing constraints as opportunities. Handing out a sheet with three unlabeled, side-by-side images on it–they looked like elevator doors, a metal beer keg, and a speaker system, respectively–Serra asked participants to brainstorm as many adjectives for those objects as possible. Immediately, a list began taking shape: “hard,” “cold,” “rectangular,” “transportable,” “mechanical,” “heavy,” “white,” “porous,” “reusable.”UTC believes in reframing constraints as opportunities and in repurposing existing solutions wherever possible, rather than starting from scratch. [Photo: Jonah Rosenberg]This brainstorm has two functions, Veliz explained afterward. First, “it brings people together” around the same challenge, acting not just as an icebreaker but as a way to direct everyone’s thinking toward a common task. Second, it quickly generates a storehouse of “available words to use when describing ideas” for solving the challenge itself.It doesn’t really matter what images jump-start the brainstorm or whether they have much bearing on the problem you’re working on; the point is just to get everyone “thinking in a very flexible way,” Veliz says. “We want to make sure teams spend time diverging a bit and don’t arrive at a solution too soon.”With this done, returning to confront the original problem should feel a little less daunting. But Veliz offers three more bits of advice to get cracking:Now, instead of any first move appearing potentially wrong, they can all look potentially right.Rich Bellis is Associate Editor of Fast Company's Leadership section. MoreLeadership Daily Newsletter