
Helme Dicosta 
2 days ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
The following data is for United Technologies Corporation | NYSE: UTX | Tuesday, November 28, 2017Based on the aggregate value of the company over its current share price and the total amount of outstanding stocks, the market cap of United Technologies Corporation (UTX) is presently reeling at 93.38B. Acting as the blue chip in today’s trade, United Technologies Corporation’s existing market cap value showcases its prevailing assets, capital and revenues. It also indicates that the share tends to be less volatile and proves to be more attractive than smaller companies because of their stability and the likelihood of higher dividend offers.The company’s P/E ratio is currently valued at 18.12, with a forward P/E of 17.15. The existing P/E value will allow investors to easily determine whether the company’s stock price is cheap or expensive. Corporations that acquires a higher P/E ratio are usually growth stocks. However, their relatively high multiples do not necessarily indicate that their shares are overpriced and not good buys for the long term.United Technologies Corporation has a current ratio of 1.3, indicating whether the company’s short-term assets (cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, receivables and inventory) are readily obtainable to pay off its short-term liabilities. Theoretically, the higher the current ratio, the better. The corporation holds a quick ratio of 0.9, signifying the short-term liquidity and the ability to use its quick assets to pay the current liabilities. However, investors should also know that this is not the whole story on company liquidity.It’s ROA is valued at 5.60% marking the total profit the company generates as a percentage of the value of its total assets. Generally, the higher the ROA, the better it is. A falling ROA is almost always a problem, but investors and analysts should also know that the ROA does not account for outstanding liabilities and may signpost a greater profit level than actually derived. The firm has a ROI of 12.60%, calculating the gain or loss generated on investment relative to the sum of money invested. Return on investments is normally expressed as a percentage and is used for personal financial decisions. The existing ROI value of United Technologies Corporation outlines the firm’s profitability alongside the efficiency of different investments.United Technologies Corporation has an EPS value of 6.47, demonstrating the portion of the company’s earnings, net of taxes and preferred stock dividends that is allotted to each share of common stock. The current amount sensibly gauges the company’s liability per unit of shareholder ownership and indicates whether it is a key driver of share prices. The current share price of United Technologies Corporation is valued at $117.12 with a change in price of 0.18%. Company has a target price of $125.83.The existing EPS value gives an insight into the company’s EPS growth this year at 35.50%. With this in mind, the EPS growth for the following year measures at 3.28%. It has an EPS growth of 2.80% for the past five years, indicating an EPS value of 6.64% for the next five years. The sales growth for the past five years is 0.50%.United Technologies Corporation (NYSE: UTX) Tags (NYSE:UTX),NYSE,UTX,United Technologies Corporation,Industrial Goods,Aerospace/Defense Products & Services2 mins ago2 mins ago3 mins agoYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  

