The Street PointWhy Stop Dreaming When You Wake Up?U.S. stocks erased gains as a selloff in technology shares from Apple Inc. to Amazon.com Inc. dragged down major indexes. The dollar was little changed, while Treasuries fell after Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen called economic growth “increasingly broad based.”Stocks started the day higher on speculation the Senate would pass cuts to corporate taxes, with banks pacing gains on bets the group will benefit most. Yellen’s comments added to optimism that growth is poised to accelerate. The dollar erased an early gain, while 10-year Treasury yields rose to 2.39 percent.In The Current Session, Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ: MDLZ) has became attention seeker from the inquisitor when it experienced a change of 1.29% Whereas, in last 21 trading days was 4.74% and moved up in last 63 trading days of 1.72%. Looking further out we can see that the stock has moved -3.88% over the year to date. Along with these its last twelve month performance is stands at -0.72% while moved -8.54% for the past six months according to Finviz reported data.Analytical Significance of Simple Moving AverageThe SMA200 of the stock is at -0.41%, SMA20 is 3.21%, while SMA50 is 4.63%.MDLZ’s relative volume is 1.21. Relative volume is a great indicator to keep a close eye on, but like most indicators it works best in conjunction with other indicators and on different time frames. Higher relative volume you will have more liquidity in the stock which will tighten spreads and allow you to trade with more size without a ton of slippage.MDLZ’s overall volume in the last trading session was 3,535,142 shares.Important Technical Indicators to keep in Focus:-A statistical measure of the dispersion of returns (volatility) for MDLZ producing salvation in Investors mouth, it has week volatility of 0.88% and for the month booked as 1.61%. Regardless of which metric you utilize, a firm understanding of the concept of volatility and how it is measured is essential to successful investing. A stock that maintains a relatively stable price has low volatility. When investing in a volatile security, the risk of success is increased just as much as the risk of failure.  Mondelez International, Inc.’s beta is 0.99 whilst the stock has an average true range (ATR) of 0.63. Other technical indicators are worth considering in assessing the prospects for EQT. RSI for instance is currently at 65.63.It is common practice for investors to use the price-to-earnings ratio (P/E ratio or price multiple) to determine if a company’s stock price is over or undervalued. Companies with a high P/E ratio are typically growth stocks. However, their relatively high multiples do not necessarily mean their stocks are overpriced and not good buys for the long term. The PEG ratio shows us that, when compare to the beer company, the always-popular tech company doesn’t have the growth rate to justify its higher P/E, and its stock price appears overvalued. Mondelez International, Inc.’s currently has a PEG ratio of 2.76 where as its P/E ratio is 29.51. The company P/S (price to Sales) ratio is 2.49, P/B (price to Book) ratio is 2.47, while its P/C (price to Cash) ratio stands at 66.34.Should You Go With High Insider Ownership?Many value investors look for stocks with a high percent of insider ownership, under the theory that when management are shareholders, they will act in its own self interest, and create shareholder value in the long-term. This aligns the interests of shareholders with management, thus benefiting everyone. While this sounds great in theory, high insider ownership can actually lead to the opposite result, a management team that is unaccountable because they can keep their jobs under almost any circumstance. Currently Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ)’s shares owned by insiders are 0.10%, whereas shares owned by institutional owners are 78.20%. November 30, 2017November 30, 2017November 30, 2017



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
U.S. stock index futures pointed to a higher open Wednesday, as Wall Street looked to build on a strong performance from the previous session. On the other hand, U.S. stocks … November 30, 2017November 30, 2017November 30, 2017November 30, 2017