   Publicly-traded company Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) had a closing price of $42.15 yesterday. Meanwhile, the average 12-month price target from Wall Street analysts is currently $48.21, this means that the stock is underpriced by 12.57%. In the past 52 weeks the company’s stock price has moved within the range of $39.19 to $47.23.This particular stock’s 5-day moving average is 42.24, its 20-day moving average is 41.56 and its 100-day moving average is 42.02. Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) currently has 1.49 million shares outstanding, which means that its market capitalization is $63.26B.
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});

The Details: Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ) Financial HealthThere are numerous indicators we can use to give us a better idea about a public company’s financial health. For instance, we can check out the profit margin, which tells us about how much of a company’s net sales it keeps as earnings. We find this figure by dividing net income by net sales. MDLZ currently has a profit margin of 8.60%.It can also be helpful to look at a public company’s operating margin, which shows us how much profit the company retains after taking depreciation and operating expenses into account. Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) has an operating margin of 10.60%.
What Does Wall Street Say about Company?When considering a new stock purchase, a lot of investors find out how Wall Street analysts feel about the company before they buy in. You can do this by looking for the average analyst rating on the company’s stock. At the moment, the average analyst rating for MDLZ is Moderate Buy. Out of 11 total analysts who were surveyed, 1 rated it a Moderate Buy, 2 rated it hold, and 8 rated it a Strong Buy.Three months ago, on the other hand, the average analyst rating for Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) was a Moderate Buy – from a survey of 11 analysts. Of the analysts who provided ratings, 2 rated the company a Hold, 1 rated it a Moderate Buy, and 8 rated it a Strong Buy.
Understanding Profitability at Mondelez International, Inc. (NASDAQ:MDLZ)Having a look at a company’s recent Earnings per Share (EPS) performance is a useful way of understanding its profitability. In the most recent financial results released by Mondelez International, Inc., for the quarter ending on 2017-09-30, the company posted EPS of 0.57. The average estimate of Wall Street analysts had projected 0.54.Wall Street analysts, on average, are forecasting the company’s EPS to be 0.56, compared to 0.45 reported in the same quarter last year. When it comes to net revenue, the average estimate from a total of 16 analysts is 6.96 billion – compared to $6.77 billion posted in the year-ago period.



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
