Scientific Update for Smoke-Free Products (Photo: Business Wire)Scientific Update for Smoke-Free Products (Photo: Business Wire)LAUSANNE, Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Philip Morris International Inc. (PMI) (NYSE/Euronext Paris: PM) today 
      released its latest Scientific Update for Smoke-Free Products, a regular 
      publication on its research efforts to develop and assess a range of 
      potentially reduced-risk alternatives to cigarettes. The full issue is 
      available here:
    
https://www.pmiscience.com/news/smoke-free-products-scientific-update-issue-03.
    
      This issue of the Scientific Update focuses on PMI’s scientific 
      assessment program as it applies to its Electronically Heated Tobacco 
      Product (EHTP), referred to in the literature as the tobacco heating 
      system (THS). PMI established its multi-step assessment program applying 
      internationally accepted scientific and quality standards along the same 
      principles as the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) draft guidance 
      (2012). The feature article outlines each step of the assessment program 
      and summarizes key results of supporting data. Included is an overview 
      of the more than 30 EHTP-related studies. PMI submitted this evidence to 
      the FDA in the form of a modified risk tobacco product (MRTP) 
      application.
    
      Prof. Manuel Peitsch, PMI’s Chief Scientific Officer, explains: “We 
      developed a truly world class R&D program to scientifically assess the 
      potential of our smoke-free products to reduce risk. With each 
      progressive step of our assessment of EHTP, we have seen a significant 
      reduction in exposure to a number of harmful chemicals and risk 
      potential compared with cigarettes. Because transparency is a vital part 
      of our program, we are making our evidence available for others to 
      review.”

      Beyond the MRTP-related content, the Scientific Update provides an 
      overview of the assessment to date on its smoke-free product portfolio. 
      The issue also covers key presentations at scientific conferences. It is 
      an important complement to PMI’s ongoing efforts to share its latest 
      science, which include a dedicated website (PMI 
      Science).
    
      PMI’s extensive research and assessment program is inspired by the 
      well-recognized practices of the pharmaceutical industry and in line 
      with guidance of the U.S. FDA for MRTPs. The Company today employs over 
      400 world-class scientists, engineers and experts who conduct rigorous 
      research, including laboratory and clinical studies, as well as 
      ground-breaking systems toxicology. The assessment program also includes 
      studies on actual product use and correct understanding of product 
      communications, as well as post-market research.

      ###
    
Philip Morris International Inc.

      Philip Morris International Inc. (PMI) is a leading international 
      tobacco company, with six of the world's top 15 international brands and 
      products sold in more than 180 markets. In addition to the manufacture 
      and sale of cigarettes, including Marlboro, the number one 
      global cigarette brand, and other tobacco products, PMI is engaged in 
      the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products (RRPs). 
      RRPs is the term PMI uses to refer to products that present, are likely 
      to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to 
      smokers who switch to these products versus continued smoking. Through 
      multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art 
      facilities, and industry-leading scientific substantiation, PMI aims to 
      provide an RRP portfolio that meets a broad spectrum of adult smoker 
      preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. For more information, 
      see PMI and PMI 
      Science.
    

      Philip Morris International media officeT: +41 (0)58 242 4500E: 
      media@pmi.com
PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL OUTLINES ITS SCIENTIFIC ASSESSMENT PROGRAM AND RESULTS FOR ITS ELECTRONICALLY HEATED TOBACCO PRODUCT
      Philip Morris International media officeT: +41 (0)58 242 4500E: 
      media@pmi.com
