
Global Initiative against Illegal Trade and Related Crimes Receives 
      157 Applications in Second Funding Round
LAUSANNE, Switzerland--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Philip Morris International Inc. (PMI) (NYSE/Euronext Paris: PM) 
      announced today that PMI IMPACT, its global initiative to support third 
      party projects dedicated to fighting illegal trade and related crimes, 
      received 157 expressions of interest for its second funding round.
    
      The applications come from a range of government agencies, public 
      universities, private companies, and not-for-profit organizations across 
      56 countries in Asia, Latin America, Eastern Europe, Middle East, 
      Africa, the EU, and the US.
    
“The Expert Council is encouraged by the substantial number of 
      responses to our invitation for expressions of interest in combatting 
      illegal trade in all its forms. It is gratifying to receive such 
      sustained support for the initiative taken by PMI IMPACT to get all 
      relevant stakeholders to work together,” stated Navi Pillay, member 
      of the PMI IMPACT Expert Council. “We will be reviewing the 
      applications and will make a selection of the successful candidates 
      shortly.”

      The second funding round of PMI IMPACT focuses on projects that will 
      tackle converging forms of illegal trade such as the smuggling and 
      counterfeiting of goods, human trafficking, and the trade in drugs, 
      arms, and wildlife. This round also examines the interlinks of illegal 
      trade with related crimes, including corruption, money laundering, and 
      organized criminal networks.
    
“We would like to thank all applicants for their proposals. Our hope 
      is that PMI IMPACT will be a global enabler for innovative projects 
      against illegal trade, and we are encouraged to see this initiative 
      materialize and evolve year after year” stated Alvise Giustiniani, 
      PMI’s Vice President Illicit Trade Strategies & Prevention.
    
      Following the review of the expressions of interest, selected applicants 
      will be invited to submit their full project proposals in early 2018 for 
      further evaluation and final selection by the PMI IMPACT Expert Council, 
      a body of external independent experts in the fields of law, 
      anti-corruption, human rights, and law enforcement.
    
      PMI has pledged USD 100 million for three funding rounds of PMI IMPACT. 
      32 projects were selected for funding in the initiative’s first round, 
      with allocated grants of approximately USD 28 million.
    
      More information on the initiative is available on the PMI 
      IMPACT website.
    
About Philip Morris International Inc. (“PMI”)

      PMI is a leading international tobacco company, with six of the world's 
      top 15 international brands and products sold in more than 180 markets. 
      In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, including Marlboro, 
      the number one global cigarette brand, and other tobacco products, PMI 
      is engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk 
      products (“RRPs”). RRPs is the term PMI uses to refer to products that 
      present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less 
      risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continued 
      smoking. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, 
      state-of-the-art facilities, and industry-leading scientific 
      substantiation, PMI aims to provide an RRP portfolio that meets a broad 
      spectrum of adult smoker preferences and rigorous regulatory 
      requirements. For more information, see PMI 
      and PMI 
      Science.
    

      Media enquiriesPhilip Morris International media officeT: 
      +41 (0)58 242 4500E :media@pmi.com

PHILIP MORRIS INTERNATIONAL WELCOMES STRONG INTEREST FOR PMI IMPACT, GLOBAL INITIATIVE AGAINST ILLEGAL TRADE RECEIVES 157 APPLICATIONS
      Media enquiriesPhilip Morris International media officeT: 
      +41 (0)58 242 4500E :media@pmi.com

