IQOS sales are booming, with shortages of devices and HeatSticks worldwide.Currency headwinds are turning into tailwinds for the first time in many years.Philip Morris maintains excellent pricing power, which more than offsets any volume decline in the combustible category.Historical dividend growth has been amazing and will continue going forward.Despite the weak quarter that Philip Morris (NYSE:PM) reported last month, the company is performing very well and has a lot of things working in its favor. IQOS, a battery-powered device that heats but does not burn tobacco, continues its rapid growth in all markets that it competes in and is finally contributing to profitability after an initial period of heavy investment. Philip Morris continues to have incredible pricing power in the combustible segment.Currency headwinds are fading and are likely to become a tailwind for the first time in years. All of these translate into earnings per share growing nicely going forward, which leads to continued dividend growth. Long term, Philip Morris has proven to be a must own stock and right now is no different. Investors should be welcoming the recent price weakness and buying with both hands should the price continue to decline.One of the largest problems Philip Morris faces is actually a good problem to have. They have so much demand for IQOS devices as well as the HeatSticks that go with them that they have to slow the rollout of the brand, causing their sales to be adversely impacted. This is a problem most companies would like to have, and it's not a new problem. Going all the way back to the summer of 2016, Philip Morris had to ration IQOS devices because they couldn't make HeatSticks fast enough and they didn't want to sell devices, convert smokers, and then be unable to supply them with the tobacco sticks that go with their IQOS devices.Today, there are shortages of not only the devices, but also with HeatSticks. The shortage of HeatSticks has been so bad that Philip Morris has been forced to ship them from Italy, where they are manufactured, to Japan and Korea via air freight. With an ocean shipping time of eight weeks, Philip Morris simply couldn't tie up that much inventory because Japan would run out of HeatSticks while waiting for the shipment from Italy.In fact, the number one reason IQOS hasn't been launched globally is because Philip Morris cannot supply the demand for it. Using data from the most recent conference call slides, we see that HeatSticks are now the number one Philip Morris brand in Japan, with their market share jumping to almost 12% of the Japanese market. These gains are leading Philip Morris to grow their total market share by 530 basis points over the past year, an astounding amount of captured market share in such a short period of time.On the conference call and at the recent Morgan Stanley retail and consumer conference CFO Jacek Olczak said that consumers are often buying multiple devices which, while a great indicator of popularity, only increases near-term shortages of the devices and slows market share growth. In spite of this, market share is growing very well, indicating that if Philip Morris actually had the capacity to supply the true underlying demand for IQOS devices and HeatSticks, the product would be much more popular than it is already.Looking at the slides below, we see that IQOS is growing in every market it competes in.

Source: Philip Morris InternationalFocused specifically on Japan, IQOS HeatSticks have grown to be the #2 brand industry wide, helping Philip Morris capture 33.2% of the total market in Japan.

Source: Philip Morris InternationalWe also see in the slide below, the revenue from IQOS and Heatsticks continue to ramp up, reaching 12.3% of net revenue last quarter.

Source: Philip Morris InternationalLooking forward to 2018, I am expecting the United States Food & Drug Administration to approve IQOS for use in the United States, at which point, Philip Morris, partnered with Altria (NYSE:MO), will launch the product in selected test markets.

^DXY data by YChartsIn recent years, the persistent strength of the US Dollar created a headwind for Philip Morris. To quantify the impact, all we would need to do is go through the annual reports and look through the “executive summary” portion. Here we see the company has disclosed the impact of currency exchange rates on their profitability. In the year 2016, the impact was 46 cents per share. In 2015, the impact was $1.20 per share. In 2014, the impact was 80 cents per share.Over the past five years, the cumulative impact of unfavorable currency exchange rates has exceeded $3.00 per share. Using a below market P/E of 18, one could argue that Philip Morris would be priced $54 per share higher today had currency not been unfavorable over the past five years.The current quarter, Q4, 2017, is projected to be the first quarter in years where currency will be a net benefit to Philip Morris and this should be far more important to investors than any other non-operational metrics as it has the ability to become a tailwind that could lead to gigantic earnings per share increases and subsequent dividend increases over time.

Source: Philip MorrisLooking at the above slide, we see a visual of the pricing variance from year to year for Philip Morris. Anyone who follows the company is aware of these actions but they are worth focusing on as they are key in understanding the beauty of Philip Morris. The company raises prices around the world every year, often adding more than a billion dollars to net revenue with essentially zero incremental incurred expenses. This is something that has been going on for decades, and in my opinion, has no end in sight.One can look through the annual reports and see the per share impact of these pricing actions year after year. For example, last year, the impact of pricing added 44 cents per share to the bottom line for Philip Morris. In 2015, the impact was 53 cents. Since cigarette consumption is not growing, pricing power is the key driver of growth for Philip Morris in the combustible segment. History tells us that pricing and operations will add about 9% annually for Philip Morris going forward, a growth rate that most companies this size would be envious of.Philip Morris has perhaps the greatest track record of any company on earth of paying and increasing dividends over time. To put it more into perspective, a buyer of Philip Morris in the year 2000 would today be receiving around 40% of their purchase price each year in dividends. This includes not only the Philip Morris dividend, but also the Altria, Kraft/Heinz (NASDAQ: KHC), and Mondelez (NASDAQ:MDLZ) dividends that came with Philip Morris shares prior to Louis Camilleri breaking the company up. Going back to a purchase in the 1990s, shareholders today would be receiving their entire investment annually in dividends.The rising dividend is half of the reward for shareholders. The other half is the ever-rising share price, which is essentially forced higher by the rising dividend. After all, if the stock price had not been rising along with the dividend, the yield would be outrageously high.Since Philip Morris is fully capable of growing their dividend near 10% annually in a constant currency environment, there is no reason to believe history won’t repeat itself going forward. Philip Morris will use its pricing power to continue raising its dividend and the stock will follow along. This year Philip Morris increased its dividend for the 51st time in the last 48 years, a true Dividend Aristocrat.

PM Dividend data by YCharts

Source: Philip MorrisI welcome the recent price declines in Philip Morris as an opportunity to buy more of this incredibly well-run company. The fact that Wall Street is unhappy with the most recent quarter from Philip Morris, sending the shares down significantly as a result, creates a wonderful opportunity for long-term-oriented investors that want to be a part of the future growth of Philip Morris.IQOS is booming, currency headwinds are fading and the potential for currency tailwinds should not be ignored. The company has incredible pricing power and will continue to reward shareholders with ever-increasing dividends, making recent price weakness an opportunity for new investors to get in as well as existing investors to add.Disclosure: I am/we are long PM. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.The chat platform is currently undergoing maintenance.To see the chat, try to refresh in about 5-10 minutes.Chat is not supported in your browser version.Please upgrade your browser or use a different browser, such as Google Chrome.You do not have permissions for this room.