Sun and a few passing clouds. High 66F. Winds light and variable..Generally fair. Low 47F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 29, 2017 @ 3:26 amOperation Homefront and Dollar Tree Inc. will once again join forces this year to make the holidays brighter for military families with the nonprofit’s Holiday Toy Drive.For the 11th consecutive year, Dollar Tree customers can purchase toys for military kids, easing the financial burdens that often accompany the holiday season for junior- and mid-grade (E1-E6) service members and their families. Dollar Tree stores will have collection boxes available in which shoppers place their purchased toys, knowing they will be delivered to the children of the men and women in uniform. Operation Homefront volunteers collect these toys to be distributed at the nonprofit’s holiday events across the country and through on-base Family Readiness Groups.“On behalf of the entire Operation Homefront family, I want to thank Dollar Tree and its customers for continuing their generous support for our Holiday Toy Drive program,” said retired Brig. Gen. John I. Pray Jr., president and CEO of Operation Homefront. “Over the course of the past 11 years, we have made a real difference, with millions of goods going to support our military families. Our work together over this holiday season continues to demonstrate our collective appreciation for their exceptional service and the importance of our efforts to help this very special group of our fellow Americans thrive in the communities they have worked so hard to protect.”OperationHomefront.org also accepts online contributions for all of Operation Homefront’s programs to build strong, stable, and secure military families.Founded in 2002, Operation Homefront is a national nonprofit organization whose mission is to build strong, stable, and secure military families so that they can thrive — not simply struggle to get by — in the communities they have worked so hard to protect. Recognized for superior performance by leading independent charity oversight groups, 92 percent of Operation Homefront expenditures go directly to programs that support tens of thousands of military families each year. Operation Homefront provides critical financial assistance, transitional and permanent housing and family support services to prevent short-term needs from turning into chronic, long-term struggles.For more information, visit OperationHomefront.org or www.DollarTree.com.
Log In

Post a comment as Anonymous Commenter
Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
racist or sexually-oriented language.
PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.
Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another
person will not be tolerated.
Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone
or anything.
Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
that is degrading to another person.
Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on
each comment to let us know of abusive posts.
Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness
accounts, the history behind an article.
Choose your city:
Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup.
            
Error! There was an error processing your request.
             Order History in Focus , a photo collection of Cobb County's past. This collectible is the perfect Christmas gift for anyone with ties to Cobb County.Did you see a photo in today's print edition that you'd like to order? Would you like to order a reprint of today's front page?1868-19981998-Current 