La PORTE COUNTY — A speeding motorist was eventually brought down by a K-9 officer after leading the Sheriff's Department on a two-county chas…MICHIGAN CITY — It had been a while since La Porte’s girls swim team knocked off nemesis Michigan City in a dual meet. La PORTE — The La Porte County Historical Society calendars for 2018 are now for sale at the museum. The national groundswell of attention regarding sexual misconduct in the workplace has arisen as an issue in Congress. The national groundswell of attention regarding sexual misconduct in the workplace has arisen as an issue in Congress. 
        Posted: Friday, November 10, 2017 9:37 am

Operation Homefront and Dollar Tree collaborate for military children
STAFF REPORTS
TheNewsDispatch.com
                    
             | 
                        0 comments
                    
MICHIGAN CITY — Operation Homefront and Dollar Tree Inc. (NASDAQ: DLTR) will once again join forces this year to make the holidays brighter for military families with the nonprofit’s Holiday Toy Drive. For the 11th consecutive year, Dollar Tree customers can purchase toys for military kids, easing the financial burdens that often accompany the holiday season for junior- and mid-grade (E1-E6) service members and their families.Dollar Tree stores will have collection boxes available in which shoppers place their purchased toys, knowing they will be delivered to the children of men and women in uniform. Operation Homefront volunteers collect these toys to be distributed at the nonprofit’s holiday events across the country and through on-base Family Readiness Groups. Making the season bright for military families is what this partnership is all about, and Dollar Tree and its generous customers have made that joy possible since 2006.

                    An online service is needed to view this article in its entirety.
                

                You need an online service to view this article in its entirety.
                
Have an online subscription?Need an online subscription?Print subscribers are entitled to FREE unlimited web access.

                    Need an account? Create one now.
                

Thank you for reading 8 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 8 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription at this time and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 219-874-7211.
                

                You need an online service to view this article in its entirety.
                
Have an online subscription?Need an online subscription?Print subscribers are entitled to FREE unlimited web access.

                    Need an account? Create one now.
                

        Posted in
        Features,
        Business
        
        on
        
            Friday, November 10, 2017 9:37 am.
            
        

Log In


                Sign Up 
               
thenewsdispatch.comTheNewsDispatch.com
Phone number: 219-874-7211
E-mail: news@thenewsdispatch.com
Address: 422 Franklin St., Suite B
                    Michigan City, IN 46360





Search in:
© Copyright 2017, TheNewsDispatch.com, Michigan City, IN. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [ Privacy Policy]