Major market players are buzzing over NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) as their share price hit $114.65 at the end of the most recent trading session. Market capitalization is the total dollar market value of a company’s shares.  It is calculated by multiplying a company’s shares outstanding by the current market price of one share.  Investors use this figure to figure out a company’s size, as opposed to just using total asset or sales figures.  Market capitalization is important because company size is a basic indicator of multiple characteristics in which investors are interested in, including risk.  It is easy to calculate.  For example, a company with 40 million shares selling at $100 a share would have a market cap of $4 billion.  Companies are ranked according to their market caps, ranking them as large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap.  Large-cap companies usually have a market capitalization of $10 billion and up.  These large-cap companies have typically been around for a long period of time, and they are usually major players in well-established industries.  Mid-cap companies have a market capitalization of $2 billion – $10 billion.  Mid-cap companies operate in industries expected to experience rapid growth.  Companies that have a market capitalization $300 million – $2 billion are classified as small-cap companies.  These companies are usually young in age and they could serve new industries as well as niche markets.  NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI)’s market cap is $38869.68. Average Volume is the amount of securities traded in a day on average over a specific time period.  Trading activity relates to the liquidity of a security.  When average volume is high, the stock has high liquidity and can be therefore easily traded, while conversely, when the trading volume is low, the commodity will be less expensive as traders are not as willing to purchase it.  Average volume has an effect on the price of the security.  NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) has experienced an average volume of 4138214.The mathematical calculation that represents the degree of change over time is known as “percentage change”.  In finance, it serves many purposes, and is often used to represent the price change of a commodity.NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI)’s Price Change % over the last week is -0.47%.  It’s % Price Change over the previous month is -1.69% and previous three months is 1.5%.  Finally, looking back over the past year-to-date, NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI)’s Price Change % is 16.98%. Outstanding shares are common stock authorized by a company that are issued, purchased, and held by investors.  Outstanding shares include restricted shares owned by the company’s employees and officers as well as the public.  “Capital Stock” is the number of outstanding shares listed on a company’s balance sheet and is reported with the company’s quarterly filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.  NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI)’s shares outstanding are 339.03.Any given stock may have anywhere between 1 to 40 brokerage analysts making EPS estimates as they follow the company.  Zacks have been tracking these sell-side analyst estimates for more than 25 years, creating consensus EPS estimates.  These estimates are the average of all of the current estimates that are made available by brokerage analysts.  Consensus estimates are better because they reduce the risk of any single analyst making an incorrect forecast.  In the case of NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI), Zacks tracked 11 brokers to create the consensus EPS estimate. Zacks calculates consensus estimates for the current quarter, the following quarter, the current fiscal year, the following fiscal year, and also a long-term growth rate.  A company can “Meet” the same earnings as forecast, “Beat” the earnings than forecast, or “Miss” (fall below) the earnings than forecast.  Missing a forecast, of course, is the worst outcome, as it indicates that the company is not performing as well as investors thought. A “Miss” often causes the share price to fall. Zacks tracked 8 analysts to create a quarterly consensus estimate of 1.82 for NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI). Zacks tracked [9 analysts to create a consensus of 1.69 for the last completed fiscal quarter for NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI).The investment research firm, Zacks Investment Research, Inc. uses a mathematical quantitative stock-rating system to capture the power of earnings estimates incorporating full text research reports, back-testing, proprietary models, reporting, and raw data.  Zacks provide research coverage for companies by combining both traditional fundamental analysis and quantitative models.  They provide price response indicators, equity research, market summary, estimate analytics, portfolio tracker, rank stocks, mutual funds reports, exchange traded funds reports, finance reports, options report, video commentaries, earnings analysis, and education reports. The firm provides small-cap research with focus on small and micro-cap companies and well-positioned for future growth.  Zacks provide institutional research for small cap portfolios.  Within their stocks report, the firm provides bullish and bearish stock of the day, a stock picking strategies report, analyst blogs, weekly market analysis, daily research reports, stock ranks, including industry rank analysis, a mutual fund rank, top sector rank, a market outlook report, and exchange traded fund rank. For their fund analysis, Zacks offers exchange traded fund and mutual funds reports including tools, headlines, funds commentaries, exchange traded funds, rank guides, fund screener, education resources report, and education ranks. Within Zacks earning analysis, they offer earnings expected surprise prediction, screeners, news, earning updates, earning events, and calendar.  Within screening analysis, the firm offers trading resources, screen tools, quant monitor, and premium screens.Zacks offers financial analysis on investing, insurance, real estate, money managing, tax information, and retirement planning.  They also offer desktop search utility, including web pages displaying recommendations, analyst track records from all brokerage firms, and current EPS and sales estimates.  Their desktop search utility provides consulting services, historical updates and data on inactive and active Canadian and United States equities, total return industry index series, monthly economic outlook, bi-weekly model portfolio, monthly market strategy overview, quantitative reports, personalized research summary, income statement model, summarized company reports, and compliance services.    They partake in earnings conference calls, company sponsored events, and investment conferences.  The firm caters to portfolio managers, professional investors, investment managers, publicly listed corporations, asset and hedge fund managers, research analysts, buy side investment professionals, and retail investors.  Zacks Investment Research, Inc. is based in Chicago, Illinois and was founded in 1978.Disclaimer: The views, opinions, and information expressed in this article are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any company stakeholders, financial professionals, or analysts. Examples of analysis performed within this article are only examples. They should not be utilized to make stock portfolio or financial decisions as they are based only on limited and open source information.    

