LAS VEGAS, Nov.  27, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) today announced its microprocessors (MPUs), microcontrollers (MCUs) and applications processors will be demonstrated in multiple Internet of Things (IoT) and secure edge processing applications using Amazon Web Services (AWS) running on the NXP Layerscape, i.MX applications processor and LPC MCU families at AWS re:Invent 2017. Support for secure edge processing reduces latency and bandwidth and increases security for IoT solutions.Today’s IoT deployments demand both edge processing and security NXP has developed a powerful distributed cloud/edge software platform that provides the secure provisioning, connectivity and processing needed to support and enable edge processing devices connected to AWS. NXP will be demonstrating the following applications at AWS re:Invent:“NXP offers a broad portfolio of MCU and MPU devices for building IoT solutions. Connectivity to AWS IoT services, including AWS Greengrass, ensures the ability to build powerful and flexible systems that are both secure and efficient,” said Tareq Bustami, Senior Vice President at NXP.  NXP demos will be in the Aria Quad in the NXP Booth #200, the Digi International booth #209, and the Builders Fair.Layerscape-based IoT and Edge Solutions Selected for the Builders Fair at re:InventAttendees can participate in a hands-on learning experience in the Builders Fair located in the Aria. Attendees will be able to browse over 45 projects, including those from NXP.Layerscape-based solutions in the Builders Fair encompass:About NXP Semiconductors NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) enables secure connections and infrastructure for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better and safer. As the world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is driving innovation in the secure connected vehicle, end-to-end security & privacy and smart connected solutions markets. Built on more than 60 years of combined experience and expertise, the company has 31,000 employees in more than 33 countries and posted revenue of $9.5 billion in 2016. Find out more at www.nxp.com.NXP, the NXP logo and Layerscape are trademarks of NXP B.V. All other product or service names are the property of their respective owners. All rights reserved. © 2017 NXP B.V. For more information, please contact:         NXP USA, Inc.  Subscribe via RSS Subscribe via ATOM Javascript  Austin, Texas, UNITED STATES


NXP USA, Inc.  Logo

Formats available: