




 



 News provided byNov 02, 2017, 08:10 ET Share this articleNEW YORK, November 2, 2017 /PRNewswire/ --If you want a Stock Review on MXIM, NXPI, QRVO, or NPTN then come over to http://dailystocktracker.com/register/ and sign up for your free customized report. On Wednesday, the NASDAQ Composite ended the day at 6,716.5, down 0.17%; the Dow Jones Industrial Average edged 0.25% higher, to finish at 23,435.01; and the S&P 500 closed at 2,579.36, marginally gaining 0.16%. US markets saw five out of nine sectors finishing the day in green and four in red. DailyStockTracker.com has initiated research reports on the following Semiconductor - Broad Line stocks: Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (NASDAQ:   MXIM), NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:   NXPI), Qorvo Inc. (NASDAQ:   QRVO), and NeoPhotonics Corp. (NYSE:    NPTN). Daily Stock Tracker published comprehensive and free research reports on these stocks today at:http://dailystocktracker.com/register/Maxim Integrated Products San Jose, California headquartered Maxim Integrated Products Inc.'s stock finished Wednesday's session 0.40% lower at $52.33 with a total trading volume of 1.52 million shares. The stock has gained 16.37% over the past three months, 32.75% in the previous twelve months, and 35.68% since the start of this year. The Company's shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 8.95% and 13.74%, respectively. Moreover, shares of the Company, which designs, develops, manufactures, and markets a range of linear and mixed-signal integrated circuits in the US, China, rest of Asia, Europe, and internationally, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 75.18.On October 20th, 2017, research firm Stifel reiterated its 'Buy' rating on the Company's stock with an increase of the target price from $54 a share to $57 a share. MXIM complete research report is just a click away and free at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=MXIM NXP Semiconductors Shares in Eindhoven, the Netherlands headquartered NXP Semiconductors N.V. rose 0.21%, ending yesterday's session at $117.30 with a total trading volume of 2.90 million shares, which was above its three months average volume of 1.72 million shares. The stock has gained 17.83% over the past twelve months and 19.68% on an YTD basis. The Company's shares are trading above their 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 3.09% and 8.62%, respectively. Moreover, shares of NXP Semiconductors, which provides high performance mixed signal and standard product solutions for radio frequency, analog, power management, interface, security, and digital processing products worldwide, have an RSI of 78.10.On October 26th, 2017, research firm Bernstein downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Outperform' to 'Market Perform'. The complimentary report on NXPI can be downloaded at: http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=NXPI Qorvo On Wednesday, Greensboro, North Carolina headquartered Qorvo Inc.'s stock saw a decline of 1.78%, to close the day at $74.46. A total volume of 1.89 million shares was traded, which was higher than their three months average volume of 1.08 million shares. The Company's shares have advanced 11.32% in the previous three months, 32.94% over the last twelve months, and 41.21% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 3.43% and 7.01%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Qorvo, which provides radio frequency solutions and technologies for mobile device, infrastructure, and defense and aerospace applications worldwide, have an RSI of 57.95. Sign up for your complimentary research report on QRVO at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=QRVO NeoPhotonics Shares in San Jose, California headquartered NeoPhotonics Corp. ended the day 0.19% higher at $5.22. A total volume of 1.43 million shares was traded. The Company's shares are trading below their 50-day moving average by 7.65%. Furthermore, shares of NeoPhotonics, which develops, manufactures, and sells hybrid photonic integrated optoelectronic products that transmit, receive, and switch high speed digital optical signals for communications networks, have an RSI of 46.16.On October 09th, 2017, research firm Needham reiterated its 'Strong Buy' rating on the Company's stock with a decrease of the target price from $11 a share to $8 a share. Get free access to your research report on NPTN at:http://dailystocktracker.com/registration/?symbol=NPTNDaily Stock Tracker: Daily Stock Tracker (DST) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. DST has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below. DST has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document. PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES:The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email contact@dailystocktracker.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by DST. DST is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.  NO WARRANTY DST, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. DST, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, DST, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice. NOT AN OFFERING This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither DST nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visithttp://dailystocktracker.com/disclaimer/CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: contact@dailystocktracker.com Phone number: (207)331-3313 Office Address: 377 Rivonia Boulevard, Rivonia, South Africa CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute.SOURCE dailystocktracker.comNov 03, 2017, 07:00 ETPreview: Technical Research on Independent Oil & Gas Equities -- Cabot Oil, California Resources, Eclipse Resources, and WildHorse Resource DevelopmentNov 02, 2017, 08:05 ETPreview: Biotech Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Curis, Egalet, Esperion Therapeutics, and GlycoMimetics More news releases in similar topics You just read: News provided byNov 02, 2017, 08:10 ET Share this articleTake advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.Request more informationHave an account? Log InPhone 8AM - 10PM ET+1-888-776-0942Searching for your content... Share this articlePhone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ETChat