EINDHOVEN, The Netherlands , Nov.  02, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI) Chongqing Economic and Information Technology Commission and Chongqing Laingian New Area Administrative Committee, have signed an agreement to establish the NXP China Applications Development Center for Auto Electronics. The center will help China’s domestic carmakers quickly gain the needed knowledge and expertise to build Electronic Control Units (ECUs) using NXP solutions to drive growth, innovation and industry standards for automotive electronics.Chongqing, a mega city with more than 30 million inhabitants located in the eastern part of China, plays a vital role in China's modern automobile industry. As the country's largest automobile production base with 14 vehicle manufacturers, Chongqing has identified automotive growth as a key strategic pillar and seeks to build its strength and competitive edge by expanding its semiconductor capabilities.NXP has partnered with the Chongqing Economic and Information Technology Commission and the Chongqing Laingian New Area Administrative Committee to drive more automotive industry growth with the new applications development center. The state-of-the-art facility, staffed with NXP automotive experts, provides a tight link to local automotive teams that will bring their products, reference designs and application support needs for world-class consultation. This synergy will build expertise and help the region’s automakers bring products and innovation to market sooner.The agreement outlines a 15-year minimum window of commitment, the hiring of 100 team members and massive joint investment to create rich conditions for growth. It also aims to increase tier one electronic capability and build and support infrastructure with an initial focus on microcontrollers.About Chongqing and the Application CenterQuotes"It is the right time for NXP to establish the China Auto Electronics Application Development Center in Chongqing,” said Wu Cunrong, mayor of Chongqing. “Combining automotive and electronic information, the automotive electronics industry has a vast space for development. Chongqing is currently targeting global market demand and focusing on automotive electronics research and development in order to promote industrial transformation and upgrading. We hope that the Application Center will enhance the capability of Chongqing in auto electronics R&D, improve the industrial ecosystem and enhance the vitality of industrial development. I hope that the project can start construction as soon as possible, so that we can benefit from its research and development capacity.”“Over the past 30 years, NXP has very successfully established a deep cooperation with China's auto industry," said Kurt Sievers, executive vice president and general manager of NXP Automotive. “As the world's leading supplier of automotive semiconductor solutions, NXP trusts that through the establishment of the new Applications Development Center, we can introduce cutting-edge technology for Chongqing, cultivate innovative personnel and promote the common development of the regional industry ecosystem. Looking to the future, the Applications Center will help China’s wider auto industry contribute to the development of intelligent, safe and secure mobility."NXP SemiconductorsNXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) enables secure connections and infrastructure for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better and safer. As the world leader in secure connectivity solutions for embedded applications, NXP is driving innovation in the secure connected vehicle, end-to-end security & privacy and smart connected solutions markets. Built on more than 60 years of combined experience and expertise, the company has 31,000 employees in more than 33 countries and posted revenue of $9.5 billion in 2016. Find out more at www.nxp.com For more information, please contact: Europe / U.S. Jason DealTel: +44 7715228414Email: jason.deal@nxp.comGreater China / AsiaEsther ChangTel: +886 2 8170 9990Email: esther.chang@nxp.com JapanKiyomi MasudaTel: +81-70-3627-6472Email: kiyomi.masuda@nxp.comNXP USA, Inc.  Subscribe via RSS Subscribe via ATOM Javascript  Austin, Texas, UNITED STATES


NXP USA, Inc.  Logo

Formats available: