
James Banner 
1 week ago
Ticker Updates
Leave a comment
NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) Amid the topmost stocks in today’s market is NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI). NXP Semiconductors N.V. had a market cap of 39.86B, indicating that it has a good hold on the market value of the shares outstanding. The current market cap of NXP Semiconductors N.V. exhibits the basic determinant of asset allocation and risk-return parameters for its stocks.The P/E of NXP Semiconductors N.V. is currently valued at 20.45 allowing its investors to analyze the company’s stock valuation and its shares relative to the income of the company that it makes. With the constructive P/E value of NXP Semiconductors N.V., the investors are able to forecast the positive earnings growth of the company.The forward P/E of NXP Semiconductors N.V. is at 15.91 signifying the uses of estimated net earnings over the next 12 months. Investors will be getting a good grip in comparing the current earnings of the company to estimated future earnings.With its low price-to-sales ratio of 4.31, the company is evidently a better investment since the investors are paying a lower amount for each unit of sales. However, the company sales do not necessarily expose the entire picture, as it might be unprofitable with a low P/S ratio.The price-to-book ratio of 3.1 for NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NASDAQ:NXPI) implies that investors are highly hopeful for the organization to create more value from the given set of assets. The market value of the firm’s assets are considerably higher in contrast to their accounting value. The current P/B amount of NXP Semiconductors N.V. best indicates the value approach in differentiating good from the bad. The ratio also provides a clue to how much investors are paying for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.The target payout ratio for NXP Semiconductors N.V. is currently measuring at 0.00%, outlining what size the company’s dividends should be. It also demonstrates a stable dividend policy for NXP Semiconductors N.V. connected to the long-run, with viable earnings.The EPS for NXP Semiconductors N.V. is valued at 5.65 with an EPS growth this year at -90.60%. The company’s EPS growth for the following year is valued at 11.06%, indicating an EPS value of 39.30% for the past 5 years, and an EPS value of 15.88% for the coming five years.NXP Semiconductors N.V.’s sales for the past 5 years rolls at 17.80%, exhibiting an EPS growth from quarter-to-quarter at 472.90%. The sales growth of the company is -6.90% at the moment, indicating the average sales volume of the company’s products and services that have typically improved year-to-year.Company’s existing stock price is at $115.50 with a change in price of 0.27%. As of now, the target price for the company is measuring at $112.18. NXP Semiconductors N.V.’s ROA is rolling at 7.90%, following the ROI of 3.30%. Quick and current ratio is valued at 1.4 and 1.9 respectively.Tags (NASDAQ:NXPI) NASDAQ NXP Semiconductors N.V. NXPI Semiconductor - Broad Line3 mins ago3 mins ago3 mins agoYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name * Email * Website  

