NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--BlackRock Enhanced Government Fund, Inc. (the “Fund”) (NYSE:EGF, 
      CUSIP:09255K108) today announced the completion of its annual offer to 
      repurchase a portion of its outstanding shares of common stock from its 
      stockholders (the “Repurchase Offer”).
    
      Under the terms of the Repurchase Offer, the Fund offered to repurchase 
      up to 10% of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the 
      “Shares”) for cash at a price equal to the Fund’s net asset value per 
      Share calculated as of the close of business of the New York Stock 
      Exchange on November 27, 2017 (subject to the repurchase fee of 2% of 
      the net asset value per Share, which was deducted from the repurchase 
      price (the “Repurchase Fee”)).
    
      As previously announced on November 21, 2017, the expiration date of the 
      Repurchase Offer, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., the Fund’s 
      depositary agent, indicated that 4,639,800 Shares (approximately 71% of 
      the Fund’s Shares outstanding as of November 21, 2017) were validly 
      submitted for tender and not withdrawn. Since more than 10% of the 
      Fund’s outstanding Shares were validly submitted for tender, the Fund 
      repurchased validly tendered Shares on a pro rata basis. However, the 
      Fund accepted all Shares validly submitted for tender by stockholders 
      who owned, beneficially or of record, an aggregate of not more than 99 
      Shares and who validly tendered all of their Shares, before pro rating 
      Shares validly tendered by other stockholders. Consequently, 
      approximately 14% of Shares validly submitted for tender were accepted 
      for repurchase.
    
      On November 27, 2017, and subject to pro ration as applicable, validly 
      tendered Shares were repurchased by the Fund at $13.99 per Share, the 
      Fund’s net asset value per Share determined as of 4:00 p.m. EST, Monday, 
      November 27, 2017 (subject to the Repurchase Fee). Shares validly 
      tendered and accepted will not be entitled to receive any Fund dividend 
      or distribution with a record date on or after November 29, 2017.
    
      The Fund is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The 
      Fund’s investment objective is to provide stockholders with current 
      income and gains.
    
      None of the Fund, its investment adviser or its Board of Directors made 
      any recommendation to any stockholder as to whether to tender or refrain 
      from tendering Shares in the Repurchase Offer.
    
      For client-specific information regarding the Repurchase Offer, please 
      contact your broker or financial advisor, or in the case of registered 
      stockholders, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., which is acting as the 
      depositary agent in connection with the Repurchase Offer.
    
About BlackRock

      BlackRock helps investors build better financial futures. As a fiduciary 
      to our clients, we provide the investment and technology solutions they 
      need when planning for their most important goals. As of September 30, 
      2017, the firm manages approximately $5.977 trillion in assets on behalf 
      of investors worldwide. For additional information on BlackRock, please 
      visit www.blackrock.com 
      | Twitter: @blackrock 
      | Blog: www.blackrockblog.com 
      | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/blackrock

Availability of Fund Updates

      BlackRock will update performance and certain other data for the Funds 
      on a monthly basis on its website in the “Closed-end Funds” section of www.blackrock.com 
      as well as certain other material information as necessary from time to 
      time. Investors and others are advised to check the website for updated 
      performance information and the release of other material information 
      about the Funds. This reference to BlackRock’s website is intended to 
      allow investors public access to information regarding the Funds and 
      does not, and is not intended to, incorporate BlackRock’s website in 
      this release.
    
Forward-Looking Statements

      This press release, and other statements that BlackRock or a Fund may 
      make, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the 
      Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, with respect to a Fund’s or 
      BlackRock’s future financial or business performance, strategies or 
      expectations. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by 
      words or phrases such as “trend,” “potential,” “opportunity,” 
      “pipeline,” “believe,” “comfortable,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “current,” 
      “intention,” “estimate,” “position,” “assume,” “outlook,” “continue,” 
      “remain,” “maintain,” “sustain,” “seek,” “achieve,” and similar 
      expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” 
      “should,” “could,” “may” or similar expressions.
    
      BlackRock cautions that forward-looking statements are subject to 
      numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. 
      Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and 
      BlackRock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update 
      forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from 
      those anticipated in forward-looking statements and future results could 
      differ materially from historical performance.
    
      With respect to the Funds, the following factors, among others, could 
      cause actual events to differ materially from forward-looking statements 
      or historical performance: (1) changes and volatility in political, 
      economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign 
      exchange rates or financial and capital markets, which could result in 
      changes in demand for the Funds or in a Fund’s net asset value; (2) the 
      relative and absolute investment performance of a Fund and its 
      investments; (3) the impact of increased competition; (4) the 
      unfavorable resolution of any legal proceedings; (5) the extent and 
      timing of any distributions or share repurchases; (6) the impact, extent 
      and timing of technological changes; (7) the impact of legislative and 
      regulatory actions and reforms, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street 
      Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and regulatory, supervisory or 
      enforcement actions of government agencies relating to a Fund or 
      BlackRock, as applicable; (8) terrorist activities, international 
      hostilities and natural disasters, which may adversely affect the 
      general economy, domestic and local financial and capital markets, 
      specific industries or BlackRock; (9) BlackRock’s ability to attract and 
      retain highly talented professionals; (10) the impact of BlackRock 
      electing to provide support to its products from time to time; and (11) 
      the impact of problems at other financial institutions or the failure or 
      negative performance of products at other financial institutions.
    
      Annual and Semi-Annual Reports and other regulatory filings of the Funds 
      with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) are accessible on 
      the SEC's website at www.sec.gov
and on BlackRock’s website at www.blackrock.com, 
      and may discuss these or other factors that affect the Funds. The 
      information contained on BlackRock’s website is not a part of this press 
      release.
    

BlackRock Enhanced Government Fund, Inc.1-800-882-0052

BlackRock Enhanced Government Fund, Inc.1-800-882-0052
