


Reuters / Fabrizio Bensch


  BlackRock Inc. is turning to the robots for its next big
  investment idea.

  The world's largest asset manager, which oversees nearly $6
  trillion, has hatched plans for a set of exchange-traded funds
  that would let a computer program choose and classify stocks,
  according to preliminary filings with the U.S. Securities and
  Exchange Commission.

  The actively managed "iShares Evolved" funds will target major
  industry groupings: financials, healthcare, media, consumer
  staples, consumer discretionary and, of course, technology.

  Investors often rely on sector definitions determined by index
  companies like S&P Dow Jones Indices and MSCI Inc., who
  control the Global Industry Classification Standard.
Amazon.com Inc. is not considered an information
  technology company, but is listed alongside auto parts sellers
  and other retailers as a consumer discretionary stock. Tobacco
  companies are considered a consumer staple.

  But unlike traditional passive funds that rely on those indexes,
  BlackRock's new funds will use advanced data science techniques -
  such as machine learning - to choose which companies go where.

  "The classification system allows for a company to be classified
  into multiple sectors rather than being assigned solely to a
  single sector, reflecting the multi-dimensional nature of these
  companies," BlackRock said in the filings.

  "Sector constituents are expected to evolve dynamically over time
  to reflect changing business models."

  A BlackRock spokeswoman declined to comment beyond those
  documents. The company has for years been using data science
  techniques in its actively managed funds for large and
  institutional investors, but has been bringing more of those
  techniques to funds intended for everyday investors.

  The new funds also mark another move by BlackRock to introduce
  new products reliant on its own intellectual property rather than
  through the tracking of a benchmark built by a traditional index
  provider. In July, BlackRock launched bond ETFs tracking
  benchmarks built by itself for the first time.

  The robotic ETFs come as S&P and MSCI both are engineering a
  massive shakeup of their 11-sector schematic.

  The shrinking telecommunications sector is being ditched in favor
  of a gleaming new "Communication Services" sector that is likely
  to include at least some of the so-called FANG stocks - Facebook
  Inc., Amazon, Netflix Inc. and Google parent Alphabet Inc. -
  along with traditional telecom or media players, such as AT&T
  Inc. and Walt Disney Co.
BlackRock has plans to launch sector ETFs for...How the iPhone X could make Apple a $1 trillion company
More "The Bottom Line" » Over a 40-year career, this 'stubborn scientist' helped change the way we think about cancer and genetics
More "The Long View" » Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.  Available on iOS or Android