Find the best broker for your trading or investing needsArtificial intelligence is permeating all aspects of society, and exchange-traded funds (ETFs) can be added to the list thanks to a new effort on the part of BlackRock, Inc. (BLK), the largest asset manager in the U.S. Citing filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Reuters reported that BlackRock is gearing up to launch a set of ETFs in which the holdings are chosen by a computer program rather than tracking an index.Dubbed iShares Evolved, the ETFs will focus on the financials, healthcare, media, consumer staples, technology and consumer discretionary industries. The ETFs will rely on machine learning to choose which companies are included. "The classification system allows for a company to be classified into multiple sectors rather than being assigned solely to a single sector, reflecting the multi-dimensional nature of these companies," BlackRock said in the filings, according to Reuters. "Sector constituents are expected to evolve dynamically over time to reflect changing business models."[Want to invest with a quality broker? Read Investopedia's broker reviews first.]Rewind a few years, and it was easy to choose stocks to track based on their sector. But the likes of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) have muddied the waters, making it tougher for ETF fund creators. While Amazon is considered a technology company because of its e-commerce dominance, it is also a retailer, thanks in part to its acquisition this summer of Whole Foods Market.With the lines getting blurred, BlackRock argues that artificial intelligence can help. Reuters noted that BlackRock, which has $6 trillion in assets under management, has long used machine learning and advanced data science techniques for its actively managed funds geared toward institutional investors. However, it has increasingly been bringing those technologies to the masses.BlackRock isn't the online financial player that is embracing advanced technology to empower its self-directed investing customers. Earlier this month, Merrill Edge unveiled a new research tool that aims to take the guesswork out of equity investing. In a press release, Merrill Edge said that the new tool – which marries stock research, market data and analysis from several industry providers – is the culmination of two years of behavior research, design and technical development.The new research tool is being powered by patent-pending technology and is housed in the research section of the Merrill Edge website. Merrill Edge is providing analysis from BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research, Morningstar, MSCI, Recognia, Trefis, Thomson Reuters, CFRA powered by data from S&P Global, and First Call, the robo-advisor said.Meanwhile, E*TRADE added new technology to its ActiveTrader platform, giving clients the ability to trade futures on mobile devices and to log into their investment accounts with Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) Face ID.