Find the best broker for your trading or investing needsBlackRock, Inc. (BLK), one of the leaders in exchange-traded funds (ETFs), is seeing a double-digit uptick in investments in fixed-income ETFs in 2017, with an increasing number of institutional investors using these instruments as a way to get into the market.In a recent interview with Asia Asset Management, Geir Espeskog, head of BlackRock's iShares Asia-Pacific region, said that 2017 has been a record year for ETF inflows, with iShares recording net inflows of $52 billion in the third quarter, increasing its assets under management to $1.65 trillion. BlackRock has also seen a 24% increase in clients who are investing in fixed-income ETFs, with Asia-Pacific clients using these funds for asset allocation and to obtain access to different markets in a more efficient manner.[Want to invest with a quality broker? Read Investopedia's broker reviews first.]"iShares APAC also reached its three-year target of doubling the assets invested in ETFs by clients already by August this year," Espeskog said in the report. "Clients also use ETFs to diversify their portfolios and to find alternative sources of yield." Moreover, the executive noted that the firm is seeing an uptick in environmental, social and governance themes by institutional clients.According to the BlackRock executive, the increase in fixed-income ETF adoption is being driven in part by smaller Asia-Pacific clients such as pension funds and insurers that are having a tough time accessing the bond market because of a lack of brokers that want to work with them. "Access to broking is impeded, unless they can generate a minimum level of commission a year, which many struggle to do," said Espeskog, noting that, as a result, ETFs are a natural place to turn. "We experienced a 24% uptick in the number of new fixed-income clients this year and $3.3 billion of inflows – reflecting the structural adoption trend in this region. This trend is also a recognition of the greater efficiency to be found in trading fixed-income ETFs over the underlying assets in terms of cost and execution certainty."BlackRock is not the only firm enjoying an increase in ETF inflows this year. According to ETFTrends.com, at the end of September, Charles Schwab had ETF assets of $380 billion, up from $292 billion in the same period a year ago, which marks a 30% year-over-year increase.