 Attention dividend hunters! BlackRock Inc (NYSE:BLK) will be distributing its dividend of $2.5 per share in 3 days time, on the 21 December 2017, and will start trading ex-dividend on the 01 December 2017. Is this future income stream a compelling catalyst for dividend investors to think about BLK as an investment today? Let’s take a look at BLK’s most recent financial data to examine its dividend characteristics in more detail. See our latest analysis for BLK  Whenever I am looking at a potential dividend stock investment, I always check these five metrics:  Are you a shareholder?  Are you a shareholder? Investors of BlackRock can continue to expect strong dividends from the stock moving forward. With its favorable dividend characteristics, BLK is one worth keeping around in your income portfolio. But, depending on your portfolio composition, it may be worth exploring other dividend stocks to improve your diversification, or even look at high-growth stocks to supplement your steady income stocks. I encourage you to continue your research by exploring my interactive free list of dividend rockstars as well as high-growth stocks to potentially add to your holdings.  Are you a potential investor? Keeping in mind the dividend characteristics above, BLK is definitely worth considering for investors looking to build a dedicated income portfolio. As with all investments, you should always research extensively before deciding whether or not a stock is an appropriate investment for you. I always recommend analysing the company’s fundamentals and underlying business before making an investment decision. Another aspect to consider for BLK is how much it’s actually worth. Can you still benefit from a mispricing of the stock? Take a look at  our latest free analysis to find out! Expertise: Foreign exchange, initial public offerings, quantitative financeInvestment style: Momentum, growth, long-shortRicardo is a Teaching Assistant in Accounting, with several years of teaching experience at a university in Germany. Ricardo also holds a postgraduate degree in Software Engineering from France. Reach Ricardo at ricardo.crouch@simplywallst.com.Try us out now!