FORT WORTH, Texas, Nov.  28, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- American Airlines has partnered with Mastercard® to go the extra mile for Stand Up To Cancer this holiday season. Beginning today through December 12, American will reward AAdvantage® members with 25 miles for every dollar donated to Stand Up To Cancer through the Miles to Stand Up program. Mastercard will match cardholder donations of $25 or more made through this promotion up to a grand total of $1 million.“The combination of American AAdvantage miles and Mastercard’s match is a powerful one that will drive real results for an initiative that is making breakthroughs in cancer research every day,” said Kurt Stache, senior vice president – Marketing, Loyalty and Sales for American. “Earlier this year, American donated $1 million to Stand Up To Cancer thanks to the kindness of our customers who have demonstrated their generosity and commitment to this cause again and again. We are thrilled to be working with Mastercard as the season of giving kicks off to raise an additional $2 million.”“Teaming up with American Airlines for a cause we both hold close to our hearts is truly Priceless,” said Andres Siefken, executive vice president, North America marketing & communications for Mastercard. “We are proud to help our consumers do good and raise more funds to support Stand Up To Cancer’s life-saving cancer research.” American is proud to collaborate with Stand Up To Cancer and advance their mission to raise funds to accelerate the pace of groundbreaking translational research that can get new therapies to patients quickly and save lives now."Collaboration is at the core of Stand Up To Cancer, and we are extraordinarily appreciative of American Airlines and Mastercard collaborating in this end of year campaign," said Rusty Robertson, Co-Founder of Stand Up To Cancer. “We hope that everyone will take advantage of this promotion and make the holidays stand for more this season. Every dollar donated brings us one step closer to making all patients diagnosed with cancer into long-term survivors.”Visit aa.com/standup to learn more about American and Stand Up To Cancer’s unique collaboration.About American Airlines Group American Airlines and American Eagle offer an average of nearly 6,700 flights per day to nearly 350 destinations in more than 50 countries. American has hubs in Charlotte, Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Philadelphia, Phoenix, and Washington, D.C. American is a founding member of the oneworld® alliance, whose members serve more than 1,000 destinations with about 14,250 daily flights to over 150 countries. Shares of American Airlines Group Inc. trade on Nasdaq under the ticker symbol AAL. In 2015, its stock joined the S&P 500 index. Connect with American on Twitter @AmericanAir and at Facebook.com/AmericanAirlines.About the Stand Up To Cancer InitiativeStand Up To Cancer (SU2C) raises funds to accelerate the pace of research to get new therapies to patients quickly and save lives now. SU2C, a program of the Entertainment Industry Foundation (EIF), a 501(c)(3) charitable organization, was established in 2008 by film and media leaders who utilize the industry’s resources to engage the public in supporting a new, collaborative model of cancer research, and to increase awareness about cancer prevention as well as progress being made in the fight against the disease. As SU2C’s scientific partner, the American Association for Cancer Research (AACR) and a Scientific Advisory Committee led by Nobel Laureate Phillip A. Sharp, PhD, conduct rigorous, competitive review processes to identify the best research proposals to recommend for funding, oversee grants administration, and provide expert review of research progress.Current members of the SU2C Council of Founders and Advisors (CFA) include Katie Couric, Sherry Lansing, Lisa Paulsen, Rusty Robertson, Sue Schwartz, Pamela Oas Williams, Ellen Ziffren, and Kathleen Lobb. The late Laura Ziskin and the late Noreen Fraser are also co-founders. Sung Poblete, PhD, RN, has served as SU2C’s president since 2011.For more information on Stand Up To Cancer, visit www.standup2cancer.org.About Mastercard Mastercard (NYSE:MA), www.mastercard.com, is a technology company in the global payments industry.  We operate the world’s fastest payments processing network, connecting consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments and businesses in more than 210 countries and territories.  Mastercard products and solutions make everyday commerce activities – such as shopping, traveling, running a business and managing finances – easier, more secure and more efficient for everyone.  Follow us on Twitter @MastercardNews, join the discussion on the Beyond the Transaction Blog and subscribe for the latest news on the Engagement Bureau.Contact:Corporate Communications817-967-1577mediarelations@aa.com American Airlines Group, Inc.  Subscribe via RSS Subscribe via ATOM Javascript  Fort Worth, Texas, UNITED STATES


American Airlines Group, Inc.  Logo

Formats available: