

					
						November 6, 2017 - By Peter Erickson
 Analysts expect Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) (NYSE:RDS.A) to report $0.82 EPS on November, 7.They anticipate $0.12 EPS change or 17.14% from last quarter’s $0.7 EPS. RDS_A’s profit would be $3.40B giving it 19.54 P/E if the $0.82 EPS is correct. After having $0.88 EPS previously, Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR)’s analysts see -6.82% EPS growth. The stock decreased 0.19% or $0.12 on November 3, reaching $64.1. About shares traded. Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) (NYSE:RDS.A) has risen 12.78% since November 6, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 3.92% the S&P500.Among 3 analysts covering Ryanair Holdings (LON:RYA), 3 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 0 Hold. Therefore 100% are positive. Ryanair Holdings had 12 analyst reports since July 27, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock has “Buy” rating by Beaufort Securities on Wednesday, October 19. As per Wednesday, July 6, the company rating was maintained by Beaufort Securities. Beaufort Securities maintained Ryanair Holdings Plc (LON:RYA) on Wednesday, October 5 with “Buy” rating. The stock of Ryanair Holdings Plc (LON:RYA) has “Overweight” rating given on Tuesday, January 10 by Barclays Capital. The stock has “Buy” rating by Beaufort Securities on Tuesday, April 5. Beaufort Securities maintained the shares of RYA in report on Monday, September 5 with “Buy” rating. The stock of Ryanair Holdings Plc (LON:RYA) earned “Buy” rating by Beaufort Securities on Tuesday, October 6. The firm has “Buy” rating by Beaufort Securities given on Thursday, September 3. On Tuesday, May 24 the stock rating was maintained by Beaufort Securities with “Buy”. The rating was maintained by Beaufort Securities with “Buy” on Wednesday, October 4. See Ryanair Holdings Plc (LON:RYA) latest ratings:04/10/2017 Broker: Beaufort Securities Rating: Buy MaintainAmong 15 analysts covering Royal Dutch Shell Plc (NYSE:RDS.A), 11 have Buy rating, 1 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 73% are positive. Royal Dutch Shell Plc had 28 analyst reports since August 5, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The company was upgraded on Wednesday, October 14 by Argus Research. On Friday, November 3 the stock rating was maintained by Piper Jaffray with “Buy”. Jefferies maintained the stock with “Buy” rating in Monday, April 3 report. The stock of Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) (NYSE:RDS.A) earned “Buy” rating by Jefferies on Friday, October 6. Societe Generale downgraded the shares of RDS.A in report on Monday, January 30 to “Hold” rating. The stock has “Buy” rating by UBS on Tuesday, November 22. The stock of Royal Dutch Shell plc (ADR) (NYSE:RDS.A) has “Buy” rating given on Wednesday, June 8 by Evercore. The company was maintained on Thursday, July 13 by Jefferies. The firm earned “Buy” rating on Friday, August 18 by Jefferies. The rating was maintained by Cowen & Co with “Buy” on Tuesday, September 19.The Royal Dutch Shell plc explores for natural gas and crude oil around the world, both in conventional fields and from sources, such as tight rock, shale and coal formations. The company has market cap of $265.68 billion. The Company’s divisions include Integrated Gas, Upstream, Downstream and Corporate. It has a 32.88 P/E ratio. The Integrated Gas segment is engaged in the liquefaction and transportation of gas and the conversion of natural gas to liquids to provide fuels and other products, as well as projects with an integrated activity, ranging from producing to commercializing gas.Ryanair Holdings plc is a holding firm for Ryanair Limited (Ryanair). The company has market cap of GBP. Ryanair operates an ultra-low fare, scheduled-passenger airline serving short-haul, point-to-point routes between Ireland, the United Kingdom, Continental Europe, Morocco and Israel. It currently has negative earnings. Ryanair provides various ancillary services and engages in other activities connected with its core air passenger service, including non-flight scheduled services, Internet-related services, and the in-flight sale of beverages, food and merchandise.Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with our FREE daily email newsletter.By Peter Erickson