Dear Valued Visitor,We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages.To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login.We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.With the summer only a couple of months away, you might be thinking about traveling to Europe, in which case it will be useful to know what are the 11 cheapest places to fly into Europe from US. Many European cities are beautiful places, each with their own unique culture and architecture, so no matter where you go, you’ll have a good time.While researching information for this article, I was shocked at the prices of various flights. I had an idea that transcontinental flights from the U.S were not going to be cheap, but for Europeans like myself, the prices probably look even more expensive. That’s because in Europe we have low-cost carriers like Ryanair Holdings plc (ADR) (NASDAQ:RYAAY), EasyJet, and WizzAir, where you can buy flights for as cheap as $11. Yes, it comes with lots of trade-offs; you have to pay extra for the luggage, as you are generally allowed only once piece of carry-on, and snacks are very overpriced. And, you might not be very comfortable, as the company crams the airplane with more seats. The last time I flew from Germany to Spain, I paid a little bit more because I wanted a seat by the window, but I wasn’t careful with selecting seats online, so I ended up sitting next to a “wall”, as my row was located between two windows. But, in general, flying low cost is totally worth it, as it offers a great opportunity to travel, especially for students for whom money is often a problem.Dabarti CGI/Shutterstock.comI intentionally mentioned low-cost carriers, as Ryanair Holdings plc (ADR) (NASDAQ:RYAAY) recently promised that it will launch flights from Europe to the U.S, with prices starting from $10, and it’s something that we should be looking forward to. Meanwhile, let’s take a look at what offers are currently available.To compile the list of destinations, I used Google Flights (maybe not the best flight search website, but it’s the easiest and fastest). I picked the four largest cities: New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Houston, and then searched for flights from those cities to Europe. The dates selected for the round-trip were any week in July, so the actual prices may be different depending on the starting point and the time period. Then for each destination I calculated the averages and sorted the city based on these values.Aside from listing the destinations in the list of the 11 cheapest places to fly into Europe from US, I also added some notes on the available flights and airlines that operate them. You might also want to check out the 10 best airlines to fly to Europe to make sure that you also have a positive flying experience.10 best airlines to fly to Europe 11 Cheapest Places To Fly Into Europe From US best flight to Europe Cheap Destinations to Europe cheap flights to Amsterdam cheap flights to Barcelona cheap flights to Berlin cheap flights to Brussels cheap flights to Dublin Cheap flights to Europe cheap flights to Frankfurt cheap flights to Istanbul cheap flights to London cheap flights to Paris cheap flights to Stockholm cheap flights to Zurich Delta Air Lines Inc. (DAL) Flying to Europe Flying to Europe from USA JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Most affordable flights to Europe from US NASDAQ:JBLU NASDAQ:RYAAY NYSE:DAL NYSE:UAL Ryanair Holdings plc (ADR) (RYAAY) Slideshow traveling cheap to Europe United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Yahoo Finance10 Most Profitable Companies in India10 Most Profitable Companies In Europe10 Most Profitable Companies in the World in 201710 Most Profitable Video Games of All Time25 Best States For Medical Secretaries10 Best Dental Residency Programs for Foreign Trained Dentists9 Most Profitable Reptiles, Pets And Farm Animals To Breed in America25 Best States For Pediatricians10 Easiest First Time Jobs To Get For Teenagers10 Professions That Get Sued The Most