Published: Sept 28, 2017 1:24 p.m. ETRyanair shares retreat ByEuropean stocks booked their sixth straight win Thursday on the way to a two-month high, but bank stocks pared bigger gains as market momentum surrounding prospects for U.S. tax cuts ebbed.Finishing firmly in the red were shares of Swedish apparel retailer H&M after a disappointing earnings report, while Ryanair Holdings PLC shares were dogged by troubles stemming from the carrier’s ongoing cancellation of hundreds of flights. The Stoxx Europe Index 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    SXXP, -0.33%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         closed up 0.2% to 386.36 after a choppy trading session. But that was enough to mark its longest winning streak since late April, according to FactSet data. Thursday’s settlement was also the highest since July 17. Industrial and tech stocks led gainers, while telecom and utility shares, among others, fell. The index on Wednesday closed up 0.4%, aided by advances for bank stocks. Bank stocks on Thursday ended higher overall, but the 1% intraday rise for the Stoxx Europe 600 Banks Index 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    FX7, -0.66%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         was slimmed to a rise of 0.1%. Germany’s Deutsche Bank AG 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    DBK, -0.30%
DB, -0.21%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         closed up 2.7%, off session peak, and Spain’s Banco Santander SA 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    SAN, -1.07%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         rose 0.5%. France’s Societe Generale SA 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    GLE, -1.36%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         closed up 0.4% and the U.K.’s Barclays PLC 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    BARC, -0.39%
BCS, +0.87%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         tacked on 1%. Bank stocks have risen this week as investors priced in the prospect of higher interest rates, as those mean that banks can charge more for their loans. U.S. President Donald Trump’s tax cuts proposal presented on Wednesday was seen as reinforcing expectations for a rate rise in December. “European markets have seen marginal gains today, as the optimism surrounding Trump’s tax plans seems to have run out of steam. With sharp gains for the likes of EURUSD and GBPUSD, it is clear that despite the potential bounty for the U.S. economy, there is a great deal of skepticism over the timing and ability to deliver such reforms,” IG Market Analyst Joshua Mahony wrote in a note. The euro 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    EURUSD, +0.3798%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                          and the pound 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    GBPUSD, +0.7383%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         marched higher during the session, and currency strength can weigh on shares of multinational companies that weigh heavily on European benchmarks. Bank of England’s Chief Economist Andy Haldane, in a Sky News interview published late Wednesday, said a rise in borrowing costs would represent a “good news story” for the U.K. as it would reflect improvement in the British economy. Haldane’s comments came as Boston Federal Reserve President Eric Rosengren late Wednesday said he backs ‘regular and gradual’ interest-rate rises. Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen this week said she plans for the Fed to keep raising interest rates gradually even though inflation has softened.  Stock movers: Hennes & Mauritz AB, better known as H&M, 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    HMB, +1.18%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         fell 5.1%, the biggest fall since June. The fashion retailer’s third-quarter profit dropped 20%, missing analyst expectations, hurt by heavy price-cutting and fewer visitors to its stores.Ryanair 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    RY4C, +1.48%
RYAAY, -3.20%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         was dragged down 3.7% as the airline faced legal action from a U.K. regulator, which said Wednesday that Ryanair is “persistently misleading passengers” about their rights following thousands of canceled flights across Europe.Balfour Beatty PLC 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    BBY, +1.34%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         leapt 5.6% after Peel Hunt upgraded the construction services company’s rating to buy, saying management has significantly reduced investment-related risks. Indexes: Spain’s IBEX 35 index 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    DAX, -0.29%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         fell 0.4% to 10,328.50, as the market moved closer to Sunday’s independence referendum in the Catalonia region, which includes the city of Barcelona.  Read:  5 things investors need to know about Catalonia’s independence referendum France’s CAC 40 index 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    PX1, -0.47%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         ended up 0.2% at 5,293.77. Germany’s DAX 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    DAX, -0.29%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         rose 0.4% to 12,704.65. In the U.K., the FTSE 100 index 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    UKX, -0.90%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         notched a 0.1% rise at 7,322.82 
                            Carla Mozée is a reporter for MarketWatch, based in London. Follow her on Twitter @MWMozee.
                        
                            Carla Mozée is a reporter for MarketWatch, based in London. Follow her on Twitter @MWMozee.
                        Join the conversationCopyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
                By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service,
                Privacy Policy, and 
                Cookie Policy.
            
                Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use.
                Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information.
                All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. 
                Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
            